Maury, good morning. Thanks for your question. It's pretty standard application and aligns with some of the
comments we've made in prior communications about what FDA is looking for. I think where this IND may differ
from other INDs is that we're pretty far along from a clinical point of view and we were able to supply clinical
information from the ongoing study done outside the United States. So, we were, of course, careful to provide a
very, very careful and complete update of that information. But otherwise, I'd say it's pretty standard stuff.So, David, do you want to address that?Yeah. So, the Phase 2, and showing it publicly, it's in our slide. But basically, it's three arms. There'll be an arm of
25 milligrams, an arm of 50 milligrams and a placebo arm and in 5 of the 10, 10 in 5 patients. And the idea here is
to select the dose for other pivotal study. We have obviously some very good information already from the Phase
1 being really excellent results at all three doses. 50 and 70 looked very much the same in terms of
pharmacokinetics. So, we did choose the lower dose possibly being a safer dose. And the 25-milligram dose as
well is quite good but did look a little different in terms of pharmacokinetics.

So, that's really the trial. It will be informing our Phase 3, which we are already thinking about the design and
getting ready for. It will contribute to the eventual BLA by the additional information about patients. But that's the
main use of the trial.Yeah. Thanks for the question. It's an important one and one that we certainly thought about even from the early
stage of the company. I think what we've seen is that, sickle cell is curable. I mean, that question, in our judgment
has been answered. And I think that's great news for patients. The challenge for those patients however, is the
nature of that cure. The editing, I think, is in hand. It's the application of that editing that we're – where we believe
we can make significant progress.

So, we've been focused really since the outset as we thought about that disease, doing it in an in vivo setting
where one can avoid a bone marrow transplant and the morbidity and occasional mortality that comes with that.
That's a more general solution for patients. And in fact, I think it's a very, very broad based solution, even for
patients outside the standard Western markets where most patients with sickle cell reside.

So, that's where we've focused our efforts. And from our perspective, based on what we've seen, that space is
wide open and we intend to get there first.Well, thanks. Again, our strategy hasn't changed for some years now. We've always been focused on the in vivo
setting. Just to be clear, with respect to the Novartis news, that was an ex vivo only application and when that has
been followed by them and others in the space. For us, we've always focused on the in vivo setting. From an
editing point of view, we think there's any number of potential edits that can be successful in our particular
approach. There's not one that we've disclosed but what I think we've learned is that the disease is curable. So,
it's really a matter of delivery and making sure that, that's done in a way that is robust and works well for patients.Yeah. We're not disclosing the specifics. We think about it in terms of capabilities, which is the resulting gene
edits. In our case, we're most interested in what the resulting change in the DNA is and the specifics of how you
get there. The particular enzyme system is proprietary and one that [indiscernible] (00:23:06) could develop.

So, we're excited about our ability to introduce the intended changes and do that with great fidelity and great
specificity and great activity frankly. So, as we go on and the results mirrored it, we will be in a position to share
more about the progress we're making. But needless to say, as Laura made clear in her remarks, we're very, very
excited about where we are and where we're headed.David, do you want to address that? Just to be clear, we're not talking about sharing interim results of a pivotal
trial. Maybe, David, you could just clarify what our plans are with data disclosures for the ongoing study.Okay. Yeah. So, for the Phase 3, as you know, we're designing that now. We're not talking about the exact
details, but we have said that we think the important endpoints are cardiovascular events and mortality. And
you've seen some of the other trials out there. It does have to be a large trial to study these questions. We have a
big advantage as we start to do our trial and that we'll – may see early results from the other trials, which will help





inform how we design this trial. But we are considering whether an interim analysis would be valuable here.
Because we have the best reduction in TTR, we also expect to have the best efficacy in that trial. And because of
that, the trial could be positive on interim analysis, and we're looking carefully at that possibility.Yeah. I think what we've seen in our studies is this effect seems to be permanent. We see the same reduction
across time with these drugs. So, based on the mechanism and based on what we're seeing clinically now, we do
expect the effects to be permanent.We can.We're not sharing when we submitted the IND. We're giving a broad update today. And so, it's part of that
process. But we will, of course, share the results of the FDA review when we have that information, just as we
promised, from the outset here. So, stay tuned. And, hopefully we'll have some favorable results to report.David, what lies in store?Yeah. So, what we're looking at, the patients who have been longest on the trial where we – we would possibly
have the most information of the patients with polyneuropathy. Some things we've looked at most patients include
the NIS score, the NIS, which is a slightly different from the mNIS+7, but gives similar information on the
neuropathy symptoms. Another thing we're looking at is cardiac amyloid. This is present both in polyneuropathy
patients and in the CM patients. So, those are the type of things that we may have enough information on later
this year.Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah, we read the same news and have inquired. We're not aware today that
there's any impact on the work that we're doing, and we hope that, that doesn't change. But that's the current
situation. With respect to BD, we think about it in two ways, I guess. You asked about it in terms of tools, an
important part of our strategy is to have a toolbox that is complete. And we think about that in terms of the
capabilities, in terms of those different changes that we want to be able to introduce [ph] into (00:29:12) DNA. We
think we've got a great toolbox. We watch what's happening on the outside. We have our own scientific efforts
internally and look for new capabilities that we think would augment the toolbox. At this point, we're pretty satisfied
with the things that we want to do. But of course, we'll keep our eyes open. I think the broader approach to BD for
us is just thinking about deploying that toolbox, not bringing things into it.

What we're seeing is, all kinds of wonderful opportunities, some of which we're advancing ourselves, some of
which we're advancing with collaborators. And in the last 18 months, we've had four different collaborators that –
for different collaborations we've struck to augment the work that we do in our own pipeline. So, whether it's
ophthalmology, with SparingVision, autoimmune disease with Kyverna, our spinout with AvenCell or work in NK
cells with ONK, these are really exciting applications of the capabilities already in-hand and we expect to do more.
And I think, if you step back and look at our pipeline and bear in mind the clinical rights that we have, commercial
rights that we have from each of those different collaborations, you see that this is especially for a company like
ours, of this size, a wonderful pipeline that's replete with opportunities.





So, [ph] BDS (00:30:50) toolbox, good with a lot of internal work going to make sure that it remains unsurpassed.Yeah. I can't speak to Novartis' position other than they've been going through what appears to be a broad review
of their pipeline and their different approaches to it. I would just remind you that for us, that has been a Novartis-
only program, one that we've not directly participated in. We've provided reagents to them some years ago. We've
always believed that the future lies with the in vivo approaches, and that's been a focus of the work that we do.
I'm sure they looked at the ex vivo space and may have had some of the same realizations that we had some
years ago. So, I think it's apparent where that space will ultimately go. But David, maybe you can ask or answer
the question about pivotal trials. How many do you actually want to do?We're – again, we're not telling the exact program, but we don't think that dividing those things into two trials is a
great idea going forward. So, the six-minute walk test, the more questions about how valuable it is to
understanding how patients are doing. And you've seen that in some of the recent trials in amyloidosis. But again,
we think the important end points of cardiovascular events and mortality. And that's what the patients are
interested in, the doctors are interested in, the payers are interested in. So, it's really what – we're most
interested. The regulators, of course, are very interested in those factors.David, what role does placebo play and what's the aspiration?Sure. So, the placebos are – having placebo controlled trials are the gold standard in randomized trials. Of
course, don't expect them to benefit in the placebo arm. But of course, we've also seen there can be a strong
placebo effect in many trials and that's the risk of not having that arm to compare – not to compare, it's not a
comparative trial to Phase 2 but it's a reference arm to see that what we expect is to have a very strong effect in
both of the doses, 25 milligram and 50 milligram and to have little or no effect on the attack rate in the placebo
arm. And that will help again inform and help us design the pivotal trial and choose the dose.

Should mention that the patient placebo arm will be offered to cross over and get the active drug once their
evaluation is completed. And of course, we do this because of the contribution they're making to our study and
their desire to get this type of therapy as part of their potential cure going to the second part of that. This idea of a
functional cure is what the idea that you could get to zero attacks in patients with this single treatment. And
whether we can achieve that is it's too early to say. We're very encouraged by the early results. We are getting
deeper reductions in kallikrein [indiscernible] (00:35:47) with the best agents that are out there. So, it is possible
that this will also lead to better efficacy. And again, this aspiration to have a functional cure or to – patients to
have no attacks after receiving our drug.Yeah. This has been well established. Of course, there aren't therapies that get to the very low levels of TTR that
we're able to achieve. But the idea we have and we hear from the key investigators in this area is that if you do
get to low enough TTR levels, you will – the rate of amyloid deposition into organs will be so reduced that the
equilibrium will be the other way. In other words, the removal of amyloid from the heart is greater than the addition
of amyloid due to the small amount of TTR that would be in the blood at that point. So that's what we're hoping to.
The idea then is a possible reversal of the heart disease by getting rid of that amyloid and that is our aspiration for
that trial.

And that is our aspiration for that trial.Maybe, David, you can address how we think about the pivotal and when we'll be in a position to share
information. I just – with respect to the IND, I would say it this way. We've had a variety of interactions with
various regulators, including the FDA in the run up to this. We believe that we're addressing the questions that
they wanted us to address. It's not just the list of those questions, but it's the extent of the data that we've tried to
provide that actually goes to making sure that we're not just checking boxes, but really answering questions and
helping them to evaluate the product.

Additionally, as I said at the outset, we've supplied clinical information, which I think is unique with respect to
some of the other INDs that have played out over the last few years in the space. And we think that that's a
helpful bit of information for the FDA to consider as they do their evaluation. So we look forward to the outcome.
Obviously, it's subject to their review but we think we've done a good job of possibly supplying information. And as
we've said with respect to timelines, when we have the information in terms of the outcome of that review, we will
share it and everybody will know at the same time.

David, do you just want to say a few words about how we approach the pivotal and when we'll be in a position to
share that information?Yeah. So, just what John said about all aspects of our – for the IND submission, another piece of that are clinical
discussions that have gone on both in the pre-IND setting with regulators around the world and Europe. And with
that, we have – we're coming forward with the design. We have the leading investigators in this area supporting
us in designing this trial. And the point at which we'll have a [indiscernible] (00:40:15) trial, we'll have to do it
around the time of the IND. We've said that in the middle of the year for the IND for NTLA-2001 and as well in
Europe with the CPA applications that go on for that Phase 3 as well.

So, that will be – and the other thing we've said is that the trial will start by the end of the year. So, that's sort of
the time frames you have. As we have more details, we will share those with you.I might add one important distinction for the listeners to keep in mind. With respect to NTLA-2001, which differs
from the NTLA-2002 IND application, we're talking about an IND [ph] that will (00:41:00) pursue a pivotal trial. So,
in some respect, it's not just in IND with all the preclinical work, it's also supplying the information that would typify
into Phase 2 meeting with the FDA. So, we expect the NTLA-2001 application to be a very, very substantial filing
when we in fact do it which is different from 2002 and it's certainly different from most of the other INDs in the
space that have been for first-in-human application. So, as the year goes on, well, I'm sure we'll be talking more
about this.David, do you want to speak to that? I mean, I'll just remind everybody this is a Phase 2 study. It's not a pivotal
trial. And so, some of the details are less consequential. But David, do you want to speak to that?Yeah. Yeah. I should say that when you're submitting a trial around the world, different regulators will often have
different ideas about details of a trial, usually not the big picture. So, it is very possible that there can be
amendments to the trial that occur related to feedback either in the US or from outside the US. And sometimes,
it's very helpful. We think they're good ideas. Sometimes, we just have to follow the directions for the various
reasons. But the – yeah, that certainly could happen, but there is a good mechanism for doing that, which is the
amendment process for the trial.We haven't guided to any particular products or pipelines. We've spoken generally in prior presentations about
useful applications of base editing where we think it makes the most sense. That tends to fall primarily in the ex
vivo setting where one is hoping to introduce many simultaneous knockouts, and we have very, very advanced
work in that space. And we've talked a little bit about our allogeneic platform that we're very, very excited about.
And so, I would encourage you to stay tuned with respect to future updates in that and where base editing may fit
in, in that space, we'll see.

With the gene writing approach, it's earlier days, but we're making really excellent progress in terms of getting
very high levels of specificity and we're able to introduce the intended changes that we're looking to do. So as that
moves along, we'll find what we think are the appropriate applications and talk more about that. But in the
meanwhile, we're focused on progressing NTLA-2001 and NTLA-2002 and making sure that we continue to





demonstrate that any of these technologies really matter for patients in a meaningful way. And that's where we
think we are with the current progress.

So, more to come and we'll show those updates as appropriate.It's really unrelated to what you're saying. It's NTLA-2002 is at the proper point to begin Phase 2. NTLA-2001 will
be at the point to begin Phase 3 work. And to have the information necessary to support that NTLA-2001 IND,
which again, I liken to an end of Phase 2 meeting, far more substantial filing than a typical first-in humans IND,
getting the full complement of clinical information, which is not just the acute exposure and the short term editing
results, but actually following these patients for some period of time is an important part of that application. And
just the way the timelines work out.

David, if you have anything to add to that, I mean, that's the essence of it.Yeah. Those are the important features of the timing.Glenn, do you want to speak to our fundraising?Sure. Yeah. We just – we thought at the end of Q3 of last year and early Q4 is an opportune time to use the
program just based on how the stock was trading and volume. And then opportunity opened up in late November,
December. To just follow on, we took advantage of that. So, was it preplanned to do it that way? It's just how
things [ph] worked out (00:47:40).I can't speak to the number of pages and how fast the various reviewers at the FDA read them. But – and that's
not the metric that we use. Although, these applications tend to be very, very large, as you know, because there's
a lot of information shared. But we try to address the questions as posed by the regulators. And I think an
important thing to emphasize is it's not just data, but it's really testing the robustness of the system. And these are
principles that apply not just to our space, but to drug development in general, whether you're doing small
molecules, antibodies or whatever. We've tried to apply that kind of thinking, knowing from prior experience how
the FDA thinks about this stuff.

So with respect to other people, I can't address that. I don't know the work, the nature of it, et cetera. We'll see.
The FDA, as they review it, I'm sure will pose questions to us. We'll do our best to answer them. But we don't
expect to have major deficiencies in the IND. If there's smaller questions that they want clarification on, we will
answer them as quickly and as robustly as we possibly can. But we think we have a full complement of
information available.My understanding is that it's 30 days and you get a clearance or a hold. And then ask – if there is a hold, there's
additional information provided by the FDA in terms of what they're looking for in a very formal way. And then





that's when you're in a position to best answer their follow-up. If it takes a little longer for them to go through the
stuff, we'll see. But again, we believe that full complement of information has been provided to them.Sure.I think we'll keep it at a high level, collectively over 50 patients have been treated. A lot of the information is
already out there in terms of different groups and different studies, et cetera. So, most of that information is fairly
current. Obviously, we continue to those patients and the second phase of the study and later on this year, we'll
give you the full complement of that information.David, do you want to speak to what [ph] we're (00:52:11) actually collecting with NTLA-2002 with respect to
kallikrein and what is the anticipated flow of clinical data across the programs this year?Yeah. So, we are collecting both kallikrein protein and activity. We said we would be presenting more data
towards the end of the year. The important piece of that data is a dose that we haven't reported on in terms of
attacks, and that's the 50 milligrams dose. If you recall, we went 25 milligrams to 75 milligrams and then stepped
back to 50 milligrams to sort of fill in our dose response. We found 50 milligrams, as I said, as good as 70
milligrams. And we expect, of course, to get a similar activity to 25 milligrams and 70 milligrams because they
both were able to reduce [ph] pack (00:52:55) to zero. But we will be reporting that later this year.We canYeah. I mean, the simplest answer to that question is, yes, we can. Of course, the priority is to have US sites
participating, and that's the expectation. And that's something we're going to work very, very hard to do.David, are you in a position to talk about your polyneuropathy study designs?Yeah, we're kind of not giving the exact designs. We have been very interested at all the submissions or all the
pivotal trial so far have not used inactive comparative arm. And that has to do with the rarity of this disease and
the reliability of some of the historical data about what's happening in these patients? And that's been used, as
you've seen in – for example, the [indiscernible] (00:54:49) submission. So, we're looking at all that and we'll be
coming forward with a design that we'll talk about when we have the details.David will speak to the doses and how we think about that. I think with respect to the read through, we'll see.
Obviously, NTLA-2002 is going in before NTLA-2001. And if there is information or feedback that we can apply,
we would certainly do that. But the same basic philosophy has been applied to both of those programs with
respect to prior engagement with regulatory agencies, the sorts of things that they're looking for, which doesn't
differ across the programs.

Just again, to draw the distinction, NTLA-2001 is a far more advanced clinical program and the nature of the
progression of the program in that IND would be moving to pivotal programs where a dose selection, CMC
material, pivotal trial, et cetera, will all be part of that review, which we think will be more substantial in nature. But
in terms of the basic preclinical information, we expect them to be quite similar.

David, you want to speak to the dose selection and the NTLA-2002 Phase 2?Yeah. So, the Phase 2 is always planned to study two doses in addition to the placebo. This is a preferred method
from regulatory agencies to really understand the best dose rather than picking it coming right out of Phase 1.
And in this case, the three dose levels were all safe, they all led to zero attacks. So, it made a little more
challenging. So, what we did see is that, the pharmacokinetics was very similar. We think we're saturating by the





time you reach about 50 milligrams. So, 75 milligrams looked very similar in terms of pharmacodynamics, the
reduction in kallikrein – reduction. And based on that, we chose the [ph] 250 milligram (00:57:32) as one of the
doses. This is sort of, we think, as high as you need to go to get optimal activity. We chose the 25 milligram as a
second dose, a little bit less in terms of pharmacodynamics, as you saw, instead of reaching towards 90%, it was
more like a 50% reduction in kallikrein. But we thought again, for regulatory agencies to demonstrate that the
higher dose might be better than lower dose is important because you are going to a higher dose with the
potential additional risks of going to a higher dose. All in all, the safety is so good. We're not really too concerned
about that, that aspect of it. But that's why you do those things.I can't speak to how the FDA is assessing benefit risk in terms of the actual application of an editing approach.
We've tried to be very, very careful about choosing disease states in which it's pretty clear that an editing
approach should benefit every single patient that is exposed to the agent. Treating risk factors, for example, has
its own challenges. I think a good case can be made to do that. But when we think about at this point in the
evolution of these therapies, a benefit risk backdrop where you're dealing with mortal illnesses, where illnesses
have posed great risk to patients, is the right setting to apply to particular modalities. And the FDA has shared
some sense of that, I think, in guidances that they've released. But I think the regulators, in my experience, try to
take a considered view of one can do for patients with different approaches. And so, as they assess some of
these other indications, those are conversations that I'm sure will play out as they're brought up one by one by the
various sponsors to do that. So, that would be our experience thus far.Sure.Maybe David can speak to the nature of our conversations with FDA in NTLA-2002. Just with respect with the
NTLA-2021 pivotal trial, we intend for it to be a global program which means US sites. We wouldn't begin a pivotal
trial, is the way we think about it now without those US sites. As we've said previously, what we're looking for is a
very robust filing that includes extensive clinical information, tantamount to in the Phase 2 of filing. And that work
is underway. That data collection will certainly be a part of what the application is. When you do a pivotal
program, you want to have your final commercial material available to be used in that clinical trial. That's certainly
part of this as well. So the program is quite advanced and moving as we had hoped. So I would stay tuned as we
have more information, we'll share it. David, you want to say anything about NTLA-2002?Yeah. So, we did have a formal pre-IND meeting for this and we actually – because we've said before we have
fully addressed the questions that they've raised in that process.