Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the progress and thanks for taking my question. I was going to ask about the HAE
IND, wondering if you're commenting anymore on what exactly FDA requested to be in the IND and what you
included in the IND for the Phase 2. And do you expect a typical IND acceptance timeline for that program?Okay. And maybe one follow-up. Just if you could talk a little bit more about the Phase 2 design and types of
patients and how you can leverage the data for a potential streamlined, pivotal study in HAE?Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll hop back in the queue.






Operator: The next question comes from Greg Harrison with Bank of America. Please go ahead.Hey. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask how you're thinking about the future of the
cure to sickle cell landscape, now that some competitors have discontinued investment in the space. What do you
think will be the next step beyond the CRISPR and Vertex approach and how do you win there?Okay. That's helpful. Thanks again for taking the question.Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So, you had previously mentioned the likelihood of having
an interim readout for the pivotal trial in ATTR cardiomyopathy. So, I was just wondering, like how the new
emerging data and the new emerging clinical endpoints that you mentioned in the press release are informing this
decision of an interim analysis?No, that's – yeah. Sorry, I mean, just in terms of clinical trial design, if there will be an interim analysis? Yeah.Got it. And one follow-up I had is, so you mentioned that there have been like more than 50 patients dosed across
two programs with some of the patients reaching two-year mark. So, I was just wondering if there were any
relapses in TTR or of kallikrein, any of the patients that, that required redosing. Thanks for taking my questions.Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions. I was just wondering, as you think broadly about the pipeline. I
know you did the Rewrite Therapeutics deal. But just thinking more broadly, do you think there's a need for any
additional business development or do you think you have all the tools you need at this point? John.

And then one kind of second question, which again, I'm not sure if it's applicable or not, but yesterday CRO
announced some supply chain issues with non-human primates. And I was just wondering if that might impact any
of your preclinical work or timelines? Thank you.Oh, great. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on all the progress. This is Lisa on for Luca. Just one on
the cardiomyopathy pivotal trial. Just wondering if we should expect two trials here? Maybe one with the six-
minute walk test as the primary end point and another with cardiovascular-based outcome study. And maybe on
sickle cell disease, can you expand further on why Novartis decided to discontinue the program? And if there is
any clinical data available, will you be in a position to share it? Thank you.Great. Thanks for taking our question.Hi. Thanks for taking my question. On the HAE program, I was wondering what's the reason or rationale for
having this placebo arm in this Phase 2 study? And also, in terms of the goal of the treatment for this kind of one-
time treatment approach, are you – do you think a complete cure is kind of the expected outcome for this type of
approach or there could be a different kind of outcome and still appropriate for this approach? Thanks.Great. Thanks. If I could have a quick follow up on the cardiac amyloid. You mentioned that might be a readout for
the NTLA-2001 program. Just wondering is the expectation that the cardiac amyloid will be resolving or that is the
expectation that it is just stabilizing and no more additional amyloid addition? Thanks.Great. Thank you for taking the questions.Hi everyone, good morning. Congrats on all the progress, and thanks for taking the questions. For the NTLA-2002
program, a worldwide Phase 2 trial initiation looks to be a bit staggered with like outside the US opening first,
while the IND application was submitted to the FDA. And so, my question is if the FDA does have any feedback
on either trial design or endpoints in the study, as after the IND review? Are there any mechanisms to amend the
trial protocol for sites outside the US after the trial has already started?Right. Got it. Thank you. And a quick follow-up. So, there's a few novel technologies in their early pipeline now of
gene writing, base editing, and proprietary LNPs. I guess it's difficult to get a sense of how far away all these
technologies are from getting into the clinic or what sort of indications these technologies might be able to
address? So, are there any time lines for when we may get some more substantial updates for the progress of
these earlier stage technologies?Got it.Thanks for taking the question. Just kind of wondering the cadence of the IND submissions, why NTLA-2002 is
going to come in ahead of NTLA-2001? Was it because as you referred to earlier, the NTLA-2001 application is
larger? I'm just wondering because the durability and amount of data for the two years [indiscernible] (00:46:00)
on the clinical side is much higher?Great. Maybe just a quick follow-up. Just wondering the rationale behind the ATM in Q4 on top of the follow on.
Just wondering why? Thanks.Great. Thanks.Great. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on all the progress. I'll just stick with the IND question again.
So, with regards to the NTLA-2002, I guess, to what extent do you think you've fully addressed some of the FDA
concerns and were obviously very limited to what's publicly disclosed from one of your competitor programs or
peer companies. And to what extent is the depth and the extensive nature of your submission, so in the case of
how many pages you submit? Will that be a limitation factor as it pertains to the review within that 30-day period?
Thanks so much.John, just a naïve question. With regards to the IND review, is there something analogous to a PDUFA extension
where they just need more time to review or does it have to be a binary yes or clinical hold?Great. Thanks so much.Hey. Good morning, all. Thanks for taking our question. Can you provide an update of how many patients have
been treated across each clinical stage program, including the dose extension cohorts? Thanks.Great. Thank you.So hey, thank you for the update and congrats on the progress. For NTLA-2002, can you talk about the rationale
for using the 25 milligram and 50 milligram dosage in the Phase 2 study? And any particular reason not to pursue
the highest 75 milligram dose? And then are there any lessons learned or read across from the NTLA-2002 IND
that you plan to fight for the NTLA-2001 IND? Thank you.Great. Thank you very much.Good morning, John and Dave. Thanks for taking my questions. We're curious if you have any thoughts around
the regulatory bar for IND clearance, specifically in the US for in vivo gene editing for some of the non-orphan
larger disease indications compared to smaller orphan markets. Any feedback that you can provide on how the
regulators are handling the risk benefit, especially in the indications with larger TAM? Thank you.Great. Thanks. That was helpful.Hi there. Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Maybe just first [indiscernible] (01:00:40) one, did
you have a pre-IND meeting formally before the HAE IND or maybe why wasn't one appropriate at this time? And
then just a follow-up on the CM trial, in terms of timing of that initiation, is the main gating factor just clearance of
the US IND or is there a certain amount of follow-up that you want to see from those expansion cohorts? Thank
you.Great. Thank you very much.