Yes. Hi, Erik. It's hard to quantify this. But we do believe we did recapture some amount of sales in the March
quarter, as we did see the iPhone performance accelerate relative to the December quarter. The production levels
for the whole quarter were where we wanted them to be. So, supply was not an issue during Q2.Yeah, sure. Looking at the business in India, we did set a quarterly record and grew very strong double-digits
year-over-year. So, it was quite a good quarter for us. Taking a step back, India is an incredibly exciting market.
It's a major focus for us. I was just there, and the dynamism in the market, the vibrancy is unbelievable. Over time,
we've been expanding our operations there to serve more customers, and three years ago, we launched the
Apple Store Online. And then, as you just mentioned, we launched two stores just a few weeks ago, and they're
off to a great start, one in Mumbai and one in Delhi. We've got a number of channel partners in the country as well
that we're partnering with, and we're very happy with how that's going.

Overall, I couldn't be more delighted and excited by the enthusiasm I'm seeing for the brand there. There are a lot
of people coming into the middle-class, and I really feel that India is at a tipping point, and it's great to be there.
On other emerging markets, we had a stellar quarter in emerging markets overall, as I had mentioned, with
records set in a number of different places, including Indonesia and Mexico, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia,
Turkey, UAE, and then quarterly records in Brazil, India and Malaysia. And so, it was a great quarter for emerging
markets in general despite the headwinds of the currency that Luca mentioned. And so, we're putting efforts in a
number of these markets and really see, particularly given our low share and the dynamics of the demographics,
et cetera, a great opportunity for us in those markets.Thanks, Erik. Can we have the next question, please?Yeah. If you look at the installed base of active devices now, overall, it's more than 2 billion. As you know, we
announced in January that we surpassed that. And this quarter, or Q2 rather, we set new records across each of
the geographic segments and each of the major product categories, and that's despite declines in current quarter
sales in particular in Mac and iPad. This is a huge asset for us and it's a testament to the overall customer
satisfaction and engagement and loyalty of our customers. And so, we view this as a major asset for us. The
iPhone base is well over 1 billion active devices. We see this as – upgrade rates and these sorts of things may
change quarter to quarter depending upon macroeconomic. But if you back up and look at the installed base, we
feel great about the size of it and the rate that it's growing.We try really hard to design our products in such a way that they work seamlessly together. And so, whether
that's the Watch or the Mac and – so that you can start working on one device and finish it on the other. And so,
there are a good deal of people out there that have multiple Apple devices, and I think this is a testament to the
customer satisfaction and loyalty that we've been able to get from the incredible design that our engineering
teams do on our products.Thanks, Michael. Operator, can we have the next question, please?Yeah. Thanks for the question, Shannon. As you know, we don't comment on product roadmaps. I do think it's
very important to be deliberate and thoughtful in how you approach these things. And there's a number of issues
that need to be sorted, as is being talked about in a number of different places. But the potential is certainly very
interesting. And we've obviously made enormous progress integrating AI and machine learning throughout our
ecosystem, and we weaved it into products and features for many years, as you probably know. You can see that
in things like fall detection and crash detection and ECG. These things are not only great features, they're saving
people's lives out there. And so, it's absolutely remarkable. And so, we are – we view AI as huge, and we'll
continue weaving it in our products on a very thoughtful basis.Our supply chain is truly global, and we're investing all over the world. We're investing in the US. We're investing
in a number of other countries as well. And so, we make products everywhere. We'll continue to invest
everywhere. And we'll continue to look for ways to optimize the supply chain based on what we learn each and
every day and week and so forth to ensure that we can deliver the best products and services for our customers.
If you sort of step back and look at how we performed over the last three years on the supply chain, despite this
parade of horribles, if you will, between the pandemic and the chip shortages and macroeconomic kind of factors,
the supply chain has been incredibly resilient. And we feel good about what we are and what our plans are.Thanks, Shannon. Operator, can we have the next question, please?Sure. It's hard to quantify, Wamsi. But we do believe we did recapture some amount of sales in the March quarter.
And obviously, we had to set the channel at the right levels, and we're very comfortable with the channel inventory
that we have on a forward basis. So, we do think there was some, but it's difficult to quantify it.What we're trying to do with our payments work is that – sort of like what we've done on the Watch where we're
focused on helping people live a healthier day, on our financial products, we're helping people have a better
financial health. And so, things like the Apple Card and the fact that it has no fees, like the savings account which
has – as you mentioned, it's very attractive yield. So, we're trying to help our users, and these things – but these
things have to stand on their own obviously. But we're very user-focused, and so we're listening to them at what
things are – provide them pinch points and orchestrate our roadmaps around that. Buy now, pay later is another
one that we've just gotten out of the chute. But on the savings account specifically, we are very pleased with the
initial response on it. It's been incredible.Thanks, Wamsi. Operator, can we have the next question, please?I don't want to go into what we're seeing in Q3 other than the guidance that Luca has given. But for Q2, I think
you're probably referencing primarily US carriers. And if you look at our geographic distribution of our
performance, it was lower in the Americas, which is primarily predominantly the United States. And a part of that
is – I believe is macroeconomic. A part is that there were more promotional activity in the year-ago quarter. And
so, I think that's what you're seeing there. Where our results were really stellar during this quarter was really in the
emerging markets, and we couldn't be prouder of the results that we had there.David, it's Luca. As you said, of course, we got the issue around the macroeconomic environment, particularly in
advertising and in mobile gaming. But outside of those areas, the behavior of customers continues to be pretty
consistent that we're doing particularly well, obviously, in some of the services that we've launched more recently
like payments, where our growth rates are very strong as the adoption of Apple Pay and Apple Card and now the
new services that Tim mentioned, and the adoption continues to increase.

Cloud is an area that continues to grow very consistently. Users want to store more photos and videos and more
content on their devices, and so they adopt our cloud services. And in general, the model in the App Store around
paid subscriptions continues to grow very strongly. I mentioned we now have more than 975 million paid
subscriptions on the platform, and that's almost twice as much what we had only three years ago. So, obviously,
the growth in subscriptions is very strong.All right. Thanks, David. Operator, can we have the next question, please?Samik, the areas where we are seeing the impact of the macro environment, as I mentioned, is digital advertising
– as you know, obviously, the macro environment is not helping on that front – and mobile gaming, where we've
seen a bit of a slowdown partly due to the macro environment, partly due to the fact that we had very elevated
usage during the COVID years. But outside of those areas, we continue to see very healthy growth rates.Well, a part of it, Samik, is what Tim was talking about, we having great momentum in emerging markets, and
those are markets where our share is low. It gives us a great opportunity to grow over time. It also helps us with
the growth of the installed base, because you can imagine that in places where our market share is low, we tend
to add a lot of switchers, people that are new to the Apple ecosystem. That increases the installed base, and over
the longer term, it obviously improves our ability to monetize on services as well.All right. Thanks, Samik. Operator, can we have the next question, please?So, you're right. I mean, we are guiding to a fairly stable level of gross margins at a very high level. We're very
happy with the gross margins that we're having this cycle. For the first time in several quarters, we expect foreign
exchange to be flat on a sequential basis at the gross margin level. Unfortunately, still a headwind at the revenue
level. But at gross margin level, sequentially, we expect foreign exchange not to be a factor. And so, the seasonal
loss of leverage that you're referring to, we expect to be offset by cost savings. And so, that should give us that
level of margins. As you know – you were asking about 50 basis points. We have guided to 50 basis points of a
range before as well. This year in particular, because of the 14th week in the – during the December quarter,
we're a bit late in the calendar year, right. And so, we have a bit more visibility around margins for the June
quarter.I think each country is different and has their own journey. And so, I hesitate to compare too much. But what I do
see in India is a lot of people entering the middle-class, and I'm hopeful that we can convince some number of
them to buy an iPhone. And we'll see how that works out. But right now, it's working out well.Thanks, Amit. Operator, can we have the next question, please?Internally, we have our estimates for how much is enterprise versus consumer, and the enterprise business is
growing. We have been focusing a lot on BYOD programs, and there's more and more companies that are
leaning into those and giving employees the ability to select, which plays to our benefit, I believe, because I think
a lot of people want to use a Mac at work or an iPad at work. But we're certainly primarily a consumer company in
terms of our revenues obviously.I think there's an opportunity across the board including in services. Obviously, the ARPUs are lower in India for –
whether you're talking about TV and movie streaming or music, the ARPUs are much lower than other regions.
But if you look at it over a long arc of time, I think there's a good opportunity across the board.Yeah.Thanks, Krish. Operator, can we have the next question, please?Yeah. If you look at China, our revenue came in at negative 3% for the quarter year-over-year, but we actually
grew on a constant currency basis. And we also accelerated as compared to the December quarter which, as you
know, had 14 weeks in it and was a negative 7% on a reported basis. And so, we were pleased with how we did





and with the acceleration that we saw with the reopening. And we'll see how we do this quarter. But if you look at
the top-selling smartphones in urban China based on a survey from Kantar, we have four out of the top five.

And I think in all of the third-party data I've seen on the market itself in the smartphone space, we believe we
gained share during Q2. So, we feel good about it. It also – China has a lot of very good metrics in terms of new
buyers. For example, on the Mac, about 6 out of 10 customers are buying the Mac for the first time. Same thing
on iPad. If you look over at the Watch, it's more than three out of four customers are buying the Watch for the first
time. And so, the buyer metrics, if you will, are very, very good. And our services business hit an all-time record in
China during the quarter.Yeah. The environment on the component side is favorable. We've seen component prices decline during the
March quarter, and we expect the same during the June quarter.Thank you, Aaron. Operator, can we have the next question, please?Well, we said that we expect our performance during the June quarter at the revenue level to be similar to the one
that we just reported for the March quarter. Keep in mind, we always have differences in the launch timing across
our products and also that especially over the last few years, we've seen a certain amount of supply disruptions.
Sometimes, it was COVID-related. Sometimes, it was related to specific component shortages. Just to remind





you, in the June quarter a year ago, we had the full quarter impact of the launch for both of the iPhone SE and the
iPad Air, which leads to a more difficult compare. So, I think it's important to keep those things in mind.The feedback for both Apple Pay Later and the savings product have both been really good, and we think both of
them help customers live a better – or a healthier financial life. And so, we're very excited about the first days of
both of them.Thank you, Sidney. Operator, can we have the last question, please?I don't see Apple participating in the CHIPS Act directly. But we would be a beneficiary indirectly, because some
of our partners would hopefully be recipients of it, and therefore, put in additional capacity. And so, on that sort of
indirect basis, we would have a benefit.Yeah. So, to your question around the June performance, yes, on a year-over-year basis, so comparable to the
March quarter on a year-over-year basis.Harsh, I think we can do better on everything. And so, I wouldn't just point to one of them. If you look at the
number of active devices and the growth of active devices, I think our services are underpenetrated in a number
of different ways. And so, the way that I look at it is there is opportunity in many of them.Yeah.