All right.
science and so we're very excited about as far as we – and that's why as Jackie said a moment ago, we're
rolling that product forward very quickly. Do you want to handle the combo regulatory path?
Well, the only thing I'd just as we're hearing off is generally – whether it's ACIP or other recommending
authorities, when they've created the enhanced categories, there are precedents for accelerated approval
products being recommended based on immunogenicity. So while we have the obligation to fulfill that and I don't
think it's – we don't see it right now as initially limiting.
The one thing I'd add though is obviously we have a intermediate goal of filing. But that's not really the objective,
right? The objective is to get the product to market. So even the objective isn't approval, it's to get the product to
market. And so the other piece of the puzzle that we're working on right now that will be a part of any licensure
package is manufacturing, global manufacturing to supply this product to thousands of people – tens of thousands
of people pretty quickly. And so what you see us doing and hopefully we've been consistent about, we do believe
– it's our perspective, we do believe there's a path towards accelerated approval. We do believe that it requires
that the responses continue to deepen and remain durable, right?





The signal has got to get it's been strong, it needs to stay strong, as we follow over time. We believe we've got to
demonstrate the commitment that Kyle mentioned, which is we've got to be in that Phase 3 study, we're in, and
we're enrolling fast. And then we've got to build the infrastructure to provide that product to patients in the real
world, because that's ultimately what gets licensed. It's not a file, it's not a clinical study, it's product. And so these
are the things you see us doing. Can that happen as early as – by 2025? Clearly, we're trying to signal we do
believe that, but we've got work to do across those three things together. I was
Just one other thing I'll add is, the important part of this is making sure that we have consistency across
endpoints. And so we've shown consistency in RFS, DMFS by tumor inflammatory score, a PD-L1 status, right?
No matter how we look at the data, we see consistency across the data. And I think that gives us more confidence
and certainly will give regulators more confidence.
