                                                                 Corrected Transcript




13-Sep-2023

Moderna, Inc.                      (MRNA)
R&D Day




                                                                    Total Pages: 52
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com            Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023



CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS
Stéphane Bancel                                                                                                                    Arpa Garay
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                  Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.
Stephen Hoge                                                                                                                       Kyle Holen
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                           Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and
                                                                                                                                   Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.
Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research                                                                Geoffrey Rezvani
& Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                       Program Leader, CV/Emerging Therapeutics and Oncology, Moderna,
                                                                                                                                   Inc.
Darin Edwards
Executive Director, COVID Vaccines Program Leader, Moderna, Inc.                                                                   Michelle Brown
                                                                                                                                   Vice President, Portfolio Leadership, INT Therapeutics and Oncology,
Raffael Nachbagauer                                                                                                                Moderna, Inc.
Program Leader & Executive Director, Infectious Disease Development,
Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                      James M. Mock
                                                                                                                                   Chief Financial Officer, Moderna, Inc.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................



OTHER PARTICIPANTS
Geoff Meacham                                                                                                                      Hartaj Singh
Analyst, BofA Securities                                                                                                           Analyst, Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Michael J. Yee                                                                                                                     Jessica Fye
Analyst, Jefferies LLC                                                                                                             Analyst, JPMorgan Securities LLC
Evan Wang                                                                                                                          Edward Tenthoff
Analyst, Guggenheim Securities LLC                                                                                                 Analyst, Piper Sandler & Co.
Salveen Richter                                                                                                                    Mani Foroohar
Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC                                                                                                   Analyst, SVB Leerink
Gena Wang                                                                                                                          Steve Chesney
Analyst, Barclays Capital, Inc.                                                                                                    Analyst, Redburn Atlantic
Tyler van Buren
Analyst, TD Cowen




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                       Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                13-Sep-2023



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you for those joining us here, and thank you for those joining us online today. Before I start, let me just
remind you that we've been making forward-looking statements and, of course, investing in Moderna entails risk.
Please look at these documents online on the SEC website for your information.

So, 10-plus years ago, we started Moderna believing that MRNA could be a very powerful molecule, an
information molecule, to make a new class of medicines. And it was really exciting to us. Having spent years in
pharma, having suffered from the small molecule failure rates, large molecule and their limitations, the notion that
you could use an information molecule to make medicines was really, really exciting.

And as you know, because many of you have seen this slide for now 10 years. What exited us is a few things.
The first thing was the opportunity to have a very large product opportunity sets. The ability to go and do secreted
proteins or combinations of secreted proteins, the ability to do transmembrane proteins or very complex
transmembrane protein like what we have in our CMV products, the ability to get inside the mitochondria or any
other compartment of a cell did seem like science fiction for all of us making medicine, but that technology could
enable us.

The second piece that was really exciting is it will be a true platform using the same chemical blocks to build the
molecules. And this to us would imply a much higher productivity [indiscernible] (00:01:53) because you don't
every time restart everything from scratch, dealing with new molecular entity that you don't understand what it's
going to do in human, especially in terms of side effects. The third piece was speed. The good news is for 10
years I had to explain that we should go much faster. Nobody believed me. I think COVID showed that we could
go really fast, and that was sort of a very important piece because we use the same chemical building blocks of
the mRNA, the same lipid system. If you were to invest heavily in process development, automation, robotics, you
should be able to go extremely fast, to go from an idea of a scientist into a drug being tested as a candidate into
an animal even if you like what you saw in animal, going very quickly as we saw during COVID 60 days, from a
concept of a drug in animal into a human setting.

And last but not least, great capital efficiency. Why? Because in the same reactors that we make COVID-19
vaccine, we're already making RSV. Soon we're making flu, and then we're making MMA and PA, and all of our
products can be made in the same reactors, in the same manufacturing suites, by the same teams. That flexibility
is extremely interesting from a capital efficiency.

What was interesting is since the beginning we believe if we could be successful, this will be a true platform. And
as you know, in biopharmaceutical industry. This is analog platform. This is analog drugs where every drug is
different and you go again at learning everything. And so we said this should lead to a lot of medicine. To us, it
made no sense this would be a one drug company. If you go back and talk to early investors, I would tell them this
would be zero or a lot of drugs. I used to tell them, I don't know the probability of both scenarios, but it makes no
sense it's one or two drug. Would be zero or a lot.

And so we build our company assuming a lot because of course, we then build a company assuming zero. So the
strategy imperative was quite simple, build a platform, invest in science, so if you keep exploring and
understanding what this technology can do over time. Invest in delivery systems because like any nucleic acid

                                                                                                                   3
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                    Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                        Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                 13-Sep-2023

technology, getting the nucleic acid in the right cells was clearly going to be a very important challenge of ours
and then manufacturing as I just spoke about. [ph] And so what we did spend in (00:04:20) the last 10 years
building and we're not done. We're just getting started. Our investment in science are really important because we
believe there's so much more to explore in the field of mRNA.

So how are we doing so far? I think what we are very excited about this R&D Day today is if I had told you the
positive data that we have so far, including those disclosed this morning, five years ago when we had R&D Day in
New York City in September 2018, you most probably would not have believed us. And I'm sure [indiscernible]
(00:04:53) earlier were with us back in 2018. We basically are standing to a great opportunity for patients. If you
look at infectious disease vaccines, we have positive data on flu that Raffael and team, I'm sure, excited to share
with you in a minute. We are now three out of three positive Phase 3 data, COVID, RSV and flu. If you look at
latent viruses, [ph] we're now seeing (00:05:21) this morning that we're fully enrolled for CMV, we're already
accruing cases, and so we cannot look – we cannot wait to get that data and to share it with the world.

If you look at what we've done in cancer so far, it's quite amazing. And our Phase 2 data is really very impressive.
Sometime we have to pinch ourselves to – when we look at the data, because as you know most companies
when they get 5%, 10% improvement [indiscernible] (00:05:45) they throw a party. And what the team that has
showed at ACR and at ASCO is much better than that. And they're going to go back through some of the data
with you. As you know, we are very excited to be able to launch a Phase 3 study in melanoma ahead of schedule
in July of this year. And this morning, we're announcing that we should be able to start the Phase 3 [ph] follow-on
(00:06:06) before the end of the year. That's quite exciting. Another thing we're announcing today is we believe
we should be able to share new interim data on the Phase 2 study in melanoma by the end of this year as well.
So the next few months are going to be quite exciting.

And then last but not least and Kyle and his team will share with you some data. With new MMA positive
biomarker data, we are now three out of three rare disease where we're showing our clinical or biomarker
improvement of those kids that are on all medicines. Three out of three, PA, GSD1a, and MMA. So if you think
about where we are today and you step back for a minute, [indiscernible] (00:06:47) if I had told you in September
2018, when we're here in New York for R&D day, that those things will happen. I think the probability that you
would have put on all those things happening together would have been very, very small. And that's where we're
standing now. And that's why we're so excited about these products, but even more excited about what's coming
next.

So today, we're giving you a bit of a sense for what we think the next few years will look like. We believe we could
last up to 15 products in the next five years. If you look at the next two years, 2024, 2025, as you are highly aware
of, [indiscernible] (00:07:26) RSV across the world. Seasonal flu data is positive now for mRNA-1010, mRNA-
1283 for the next generation COVID, which is [indiscernible] (00:07:36) stable COVID product. And then we're
very excited. We believe we can have by the end of this year as well clinical data on mRNA-1083, which is our
next generation COVID combined with mRNA-1010, as a COVID plus flu combo, and that data should come out
before the end of the year. Once we have that data, as you know, we need to run a bridge [ph] – angular
(00:07:59) bridging study, which is not very long, six months of safety data and [indiscernible] (00:08:02) regulator
which means that for [indiscernible] (00:08:04), we should be able, if the data is positive on mRNA-1083, to have
a launch of a flu-COVID combo.

And if you look at the next three years, 2026, 2027, 2028, I won't go through all of them because there's a long list
and the team will do that much better than I will in the next few minutes, we have a lot of our vaccine in respiratory
coming over combinations of our products. Then if you look at latent with CMV leading the charge in term of the




                                                                                                                    4
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                    Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Phase 3 being fully enrolled, there's quite an extensive portfolio of latent vaccine and new vaccines like norovirus
and also Lyme, our first bacterial vaccine in addition to VZV, EBV and HSV.

The team will talk a lot about oncology and the exciting programs we're having in oncology. We believe there's a
possibility based on the data as they mature to have discussion with regulator, of course it will be subject to
regulator decisions, to potentially file before that for an accelerated approval. And of course, the rare disease,
we've now three rare disease for which we have data. And we also announced this morning that PKU has now an
open IND and we'll be dosing very, very soon in a clinic. So that's what's coming over the next few years. It's quite
exciting. We're very proud of what the team has achieved and we can't wait to get those important medicines to
patients and help either prevent disease or treat disease for all those important conditions.

So the agenda very quickly, we're going to start between now and the break to talk about infectious disease both
respiratory and latent after Stephen gives a bit of development strategy update. We'll take a coffee break and then
we'll go into therapeutics with Kyle and team talking to us about rare disease first, then oncology. Jamey will try to
get some financial frameworks for all those investments and all those franchises that are emerging. And I'll come
back for two or three slides to close. And then, the team and I will be happy to take your questions.

With this, let me turn over to Stephen.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.
[ph] Thank you, Stéphane (00:10:13). So I will try and cover very quickly our full scope of work that we're doing
and in particular spend a little bit of time talking about research, which is a really important part of the foundation
of the company, as most of you know, but one that we just can't fit in to this agenda. And so at some point, we will
have to come back and do another Research Day.

But for now, I just want to quickly reprise something Stéphane spoke about, which is Moderna at its core has
been founded as an mRNA platform company. And what that means to us, what that's meant for over 10 years
that we've built that is we prioritize our investment in basic science areas that build our platform. We build a
singular platform that then allows us to bring many, many medicines through. And the key here is if you use a
singular platform for all of those medicines, it allows you to move incredibly quickly when something is working.
And I hope as you look through our late-stage pipeline conversations throughout the rest of the day, you get the
impression that both things are working, many of them, and that we are really delivering on that vision of being
able to bring many medicines forward quickly.

Okay. So how does that work as we do that? As we create that platform and those medicines, we create versions
of our technology, we call them modalities that are different approaches to different types of diseases. And you're
all very familiar with one of those modalities, our infectious disease vaccine modality. And as Stéphane mentioned
and as we're quite proud of right now, we are three for three and being able to get to meeting our primary
endpoints in phase 3 studies. One of those is approved, actually an sBLA for COVID yesterday as well. RSV is
now filed and flu not far behind it. We think we've really demonstrated the power of that modality with multiple
products.

Cancer therapeutics, in particular, our individualized neoantigen therapy approach has now had proof of concept
in INT for adjuvant melanoma. And as the team will share, we think we've gone three for three in demonstrating
early evidence of potential clinical benefit in patients with rare diseases. So those three modalities are moving
very quickly, but by no means are we done. So where have we been? Just a little bit of looking forward and
looking backward to look forward. Where we are in the last three years, leveraging that singular platform as we


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  5
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                        Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023

have gone from the company described on the left here in 2020, 25 development programs. But most of that, a
large portion of that preclinical. That we had only one Phase 3 program three years ago. Today, we all know what
that is. It was COVID. We had a relatively small Phase 2 pipeline and a lot of potential in preclinical. Now you
move forward just three years and yes, the numbers have almost doubled from 25 development programs to 43.
But that late-stage pipeline has matured pretty dramatically. In fact, now we're looking at five programs enrolling
or enrolled in Phase 3 and a very large Phase 2 pipeline and Phase 1 pipeline right behind it. We really are just
getting started in building this company as we look forward.

Now, I do want to say, as I said up in the beginning, a bit about our approach on the research side before we get
into that late-stage pipeline, which will be the focus of most of the day. We are going to continue to make the
investments in our platform necessary to expand the frontier of what mRNA medicine could be. It is core to who
we are. That's what it means to be an MRNA platform company. We will always want to bring those medicines to
patients, and that's a huge focus of today's conversation. But let me assure you, we have not changed our
mission or who we are at our core. We're going to keep pushing the boundaries of what that platform can do. And
there's a couple of ways I might like to exemplify that. You've seen these. We won't talk about these in great
detail. But as an example, we're continuing to expand the diversity of applications we're bringing forward in
oncology and our cancer pipeline. Just a few recent deals that you've seen us announced that in – on the far left-
hand side a partnership with Immatics, where we're working to bring in completely novel proteins. These are
TCRs, TCR engager proteins, [ph] quite (00:14:18) complicated to make recombinantly, really fit well for
messenger RNA and require a diverse range of different approaches across HLA type. So different patients may
need slightly different products. Really fits into our wheelhouse in so many ways. And we're proud to be partnered
with Immatics on that.

And with the cancer vaccines, we've actually had two announcements, CARsgen recently this summer, and as
well as another part of pillar of our relationship with Immatics, where we're using our platform's ability to promote
cell expansion in two different in vivo cancer cell therapies. One is a traditional CAR-T with CARsgen and the
other is a TCR T-cell therapy with Immatics. Again, something you've seen us do actually as a monotherapy with
our INT program, but that we're now doing to really bring, we think, durability and power to cell therapies, to new
products that are moving forward and a totally new concept.

And then on the far right-hand side, just as another example, we did do a deal with Carisma that's for in vivo
myeloid cell therapy. And you've seen this express proteins in the myeloid cells. But we're now moving to try and
do that for the purposes of driving those myeloid cells into solid tumors and hopefully adding one more arm to the
armamentarium by which we fight cancer. Three completely different product concepts. We're not going to get to
talk to them today. But given where those deals are in those announcements, you can see that we're moving very
quickly and expanding the frontiers of what we're doing in oncology. We are literally just getting started.

There is another example real quickly I'll flip through, which we've also talked about and you've seen us do deals
on, and that's why I'm comfortable covering it quickly, which is how we're using our rare disease platform and
capabilities, which we're increasingly getting very comfortable on the safety and pharmacology of to expand into
the frontier of gene editing. And so, we've founded a group internally called Moderna Genomics that's been
focused on how do we use that platform technology to try and address individual mutations or groups of mutations
in the rare disease space with the potential again over the long term to maybe offer cures to these patients.

We've done two deals, two partnerships there that have been announced and others that haven't, one with Life
Edit and Metagenomi and both of those are moving forward towards in the preclinical space, ultimately we think
towards clinical candidates. So I can tell you there are many, many other such things going on. These are some




                                                                                                                    6
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                    Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

of the ones that are already public in our research space and I wanted to highlight, but please do rest assured we
continue to invest in that space and expand.

Now we also prioritize. And so you saw in the announcement today there are four programs, clinical programs in
various stages of development that we've discontinued and they're listed here. And we'll continue to look at that
pipeline and determine whether or not there are opportunities for us to focus our efforts as we move forward. We
have a blessing and a curse in terms of how productive this platform is. And any time we see an opportunity to
focus our energy on programs that we think are the most important to move forward, we'll do so.

Okay. So here is that pipeline, broad, deep and increasingly late stage. In fact if you look at it, we are really
pleased that we now have a therapeutic and Kyle will talk about it and Michelle will as well announced it, down at
the bottom in the peach color, that's in Phase 3 late-stage development, and a couple of others that are moving
into Phase 2 in the rare disease space. We are really excited about the progress there and moving this forward to
pivotal. And as you look up, you can start to see the latent pipeline is now increasingly moving in the middle stage
of development, Phase 2, huge pipeline there and ultimately hopefully moving forward to Phase 3. And then, of
course, our respiratory franchise, which we will speak extensively about, I'm sure, but a place that we're really
proud of the impact we've had and believe actually the impact we're about to have is even more impressive.

So as that pipeline matures, we do expect we'll be launching many products. I think the same things are true,
which is while in the next couple of years that is a lot of respiratory vaccines or the four that Stéphane mentioned
as potential product launches. If you look just a few months beyond that, years beyond that, and you say over the
next five years through 2028, what you see is a broad and diverse pipeline across many different therapeutic
areas, not just infectious diseases and respiratory diseases and latent viruses, but cancer and rare metabolic
disease. And in almost every one of these cases, we're going to be sharing some data today on why we're so
enthusiastic about it and why the data we're seeing in patients gives us great optimism for this plan.

So what's the focus of today's update? As I said, we're going – we have a large pipeline, we can't talk to all of it.
So we're going to focus on these things. We're going to talk in the respiratory space about COVID-19 and the
exciting recent news in the seasonal flu space. I'm sure we'll face questions on all. On CMV, we'll provide an
update of where we are in that study. It's our lead Phase 3 program in the latent virus space. Very exciting. The
three rare disease programs, PA and MMA, we've got clinical updates in patients with chronic data there and want
to let you know about where we're going in PKU, because we think that could move pretty quickly.

And then last we'll spend some time in INT, which is our individualized neoantigen therapy. I imagine everybody's
heard about it. Lots of questions about it. Lots of momentum behind it in the Phase 3 studies there. And we'll
provide a little bit of a link back to some translational data that we've had along the way. It'll help you understand
why we think we're just getting started with our adjuvant melanoma and soon non-small cell lung cancer studies.

Okay. So with that, I'd like to invite Jackie Miller, incomparable Jackie Miller who you are familiar with, to come
join me on the stage and start us off with the respiratory vaccines. Yeah. Thank you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you, Stephen. Good afternoon. It's really nice to see all of you today. Thank you for coming out to hear a
bit about the science that we're doing in the vaccine space. So, as Stephen mentioned, my name is Jacqueline
Miller and I lead the development group for respiratory vaccines. And so, I've been now participating in the R&D
Day. This is my fourth R&D Day, and we've actually made quite a bit of progress on this slide since I joined the
company in 2020.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  7
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                         Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023


As Stephen just mentioned, three of our programs are either at commercial stage ready for BLA submission or in
the early negotiation stages with FDA about what that BLA will look like, and that's of course COVID RSV and flu.
But we also continue to work in parallel with improving the vaccines we already have, and so really looking
forward to sharing with you some newer early stage data from our next-generation COVID vaccine. And we
continue to actually improve on our flu vaccine as well with additional antigens, either additional hemagglutinins to
expand strain coverage or neuraminidase to hopefully improve immunologic protection. And then, now that we
really are at a place where we have multiple monovalent vaccines that are close to their licensure, our strategy
always has been to combine those. And the reason for that is really the potential benefit both to patients in terms
of convenience, but also public health in terms of making vaccination easier to accomplish. So, let me tell you a
little bit more about how we've been able to do this and move so rapidly in the last three years.

Well, it's really because we are building off of what we learn constantly. And the SARS-CoV-2 vaccine, mRNA-
1273 or Spikevax was really our first proof of concept that our platform can really work in terms of protection
against respiratory pathogens. RSV now has added some additional support to that hypothesis with its positive
Phase 3 data. And I hope to convince you today through the presentation of Raffael Nachbagauer that influenza
were there as well.

Then the other thing that we have really benefited from is the fact that these pathogens really have similar
epidemiology. So, the greatest impact of these infections is in the very young and the very old. And that's allowed
us to get comfortable very quickly with how to conduct clinical trials, both in the older adult population where
we've been able to move a bit faster, but also in the pediatric population where we've learned a lot from our
COVID development and now are applying that to pediatric development in RSV and human metapneumovirus as
well.

And then finally, the fact that we have been able to increase the number of antigens in this vaccine, so the
bivalent COVID vaccine of last year being one example, really gives us confidence that we can begin to combine
and see success there as well.

So, to summarize for you, our strategy really is to bring forward the best possible monovalent products and
continuously improve upon them. So, I mentioned COVID vaccines in terms of bivalents. We're now looking to
also improve on some of the technical attributes like refrigerator's shelf life and potentially also higher immune
responses and improved safety profile as well. And I'll share those data with you in the slides that follow.

Influenza, while we're very excited to initiate our discussions with regulatory agencies about our pivotal Phase 3
data, we continue to iterate and improve even as we were improving on our influenza B antigens. And then finally
with RSV, again learning from the COVID program, expanding very rapidly down to not only children two months
of age, but even down to children five months of age, and actually beginning to investigate combination vaccines
in that age group as well.

So the data that we will share with you today from the respiratory portfolio include an update that I'll provide to you
with respect to the next-generation COVID vaccine or mRNA-1283. Then I'll hand over to Darin Edwards, who is
our program leader for COVID-19 vaccines, and he's going to tell you a little bit about the process we went
through this year to update our vaccine and also the data we've generated not just against the XBB strain against
which the sequence is targeted, but also how we have assessed potential cross protection of that vaccine as well.
And then finally, Raffael Nachbagauer, who is our program leader for influenza vaccines, will take you through our
newly announced pivotal Phase 3 data.




                                                                                                                     8
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

So to start with mRNA-1283. This is a program that currently is in its Phase 3 program, but as part of another
development program, we actually had two study arms, where we looked at a randomization. It's 1:1 in two age
cohorts, both a younger age cohort, 18 to 64 years of age, and then older age cohort, above 65. And in this study,
we enrolled approximately 50 subjects in each age stratum and in each treatment group to receive a single
booster dose of the previous year's vaccine. So this is the BA.4/5 containing vaccine. And we're in the process of
following these individuals for six months for the extended safety follow-up. What I'm going to share with you are
the initial reactogenicity data as well as the immunogenicity data.

Okay. So this slide depicts the adverse reactions that were reported in terms of local solicited symptoms as well
as systemic solicited symptoms, and this is in both treatment groups in the two different age cohorts. So the older
age cohort is on the left, the younger age cohort on the right. What you see are the local symptoms in each bar
graph on the left, systemic on the right, and they lead with the mRNA-1273 or Spikevax bivalent vaccine. The
investigational group is on the right in each comparison.

And so taking the younger age cohort first, what you can see is that the frequency and the severity of the
systemic adverse reactions is approximately equal between the two vaccines. When you go to the local adverse
reactions, we see both lower frequency as well as lower severity reported in the younger age cohort. Now looking,
though, at the older age cohort, in this case for both local and solicited symptoms, we see lower rates overall of
reactions in the mRNA-1283 group. This is important because as we are collecting our data for the Phase 3
program really gives us confidence that the modifications we've made to our COVID vaccine will lead to a
acceptable safety profile, comparable at least to that of Spikevax.

So now let's review the immunogenicity data. And what you see on this slide are the geometric mean ratios in
both of the age cohorts to the neutralizing antibody titers against the BA.4/5 variant. And the geometric mean ratio
is dividing the mRNA-1283 or investigational vaccine candidate titers over the licensed vaccine. So any GMR that
is above 1 is good in this case. So taking the younger cohort first, there is a GMR of about 1.2. Importantly, the
lower bound of the 95% confidence interval is 0.76. And in this small cohort, we already see a lower bound that's
above the regulatory criterion for successful licensure. If you go to the older age cohort, now, we saw a GMR of
1.8 and here, the lower bound is 1.23, meaning that 95% confidence interval excludes 1. All of this gives us
confidence that we should be in a good position with Phase 3 to be able to meet our pre-specified non-inferiority
criteria. And we're looking forward to an interim analysis with the mRNA-1283 study that should be occurring
before the end of the year.

So let me tell you a little bit about the Phase 3 study that's currently ongoing. At the moment, it is fully enrolled.
We've enrolled 11,500 subjects and randomized them 1:1 to the two different vaccines. This, again, is a single
dose booster and it's in individuals as of 12 years of age. And so this is really designed to match the BLA that we
currently have approved for Spikevax. And if successful, we'll be launching then the next-generation COVID
vaccine in pediatric populations as well. The study is currently ongoing in the US, UK and Canada and we're also
going to be assessing relative vaccine efficacy as we go into this fall season.

Okay. So, with that, I'd like to introduce my colleague, Darin Edwards, to talk a little bit more about Spikevax and
this year's vaccine update.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Darin Edwards
Executive Director, COVID Vaccines Program Leader, Moderna, Inc.
Thanks, Jackie. And I got to say [indiscernible] (00:29:48) COVID vaccines, given that on Monday we received
FDA approval and we're actually actively conducting our launch readiness plans at this moment. Speaking for
myself, I can say that my family and I are really excited to get that appointment at our local pharmacy and to get


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  9
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                         Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023

our updated booster. In addition to the US and the FDA, we've received approvals now in Japan, Health Canada,
as well as in Taiwan just today. In addition to that, the CDC did provide their broad recommendation for use
across all age ranges that have received either approval or authorization for our updated vaccine. So, very
exciting time to talk to you.

But today, as a part of the launch of our updated vaccine, I'm going to share with you the process that we went
through to update our vaccine. I think it's a topic that we haven't provided much focus on previously. And this is a
kind of a cool process that we've had to develop as the need arose. The original vaccine obviously targeted the
ancestral sequence. As variants arose, we had to develop a process and combined that process with the work
that was being done at agencies in order to allow for the approval process, as well as the data to be collected to
enable us to update our vaccine. So we all know variants arise. We've all seen them there in the news. They've
been consistently assessed by academics, by us and by others. And we've seen them as they have arisen that
data has come up that has shown that some of them have had a significant impact on viral neutralization for
example or potentially even the performance of the vaccine. What that required then was a process to update the
vaccine. When Omicron arose, that really led to a very rapid determination of a need for an updated vaccine. And
in August of 2023, we got our updated bivalent BA.4/5 vaccine approved for use as the booster up until two days
ago.

Now, we've seen that other variants have arisen as well. So that has caused us to optimize our update process
and it now has really three main components. I mean, the first part of it is we perform continuous monitoring of the
virus and do assessments of the impact of risk associated with those variants. The second part of the process is
we provide that data, both data from our assessment as well as from animal and human results for updated
vaccines and provide that to regulatory agencies to enable the strain selection process. But even at that point, our
job is not yet done and it will continue on an ongoing basis because even after a strain is selected for inclusion in
a vaccine, variants will continue to emerge. And that requires us to continuously monitor and perform additional
assessments to determine if there is an impact, potential impact on the performance of our vaccine. So what does
that process look like? I'm not going to take you through everything, but I'm going to provide you with some key
aspects and some key elements that we utilize in the process of monitoring and assessing variant viruses.

So we do perform continuous epidemiological monitoring. And for those variants that we identify, we assess their
antigenic changes in key regions on the spike protein. Now what you see on the right hand side is a view of our
initial assessment where in the column on the far left, you see Wuhan at the top, all the way to XBB.1.5. Those
are different variants that not only emerged, but started to circulate broadly, kind of highlighting a need to perform
very detailed assessments of those variants. On the bottom, you see a bunch of – a number of amino acid
locations on the spike protein. Those are key sites that have known antigenic – that are known to be targeted by
monoclonal antibodies in order to neutralize the virus. So, those are key sites of neutralization on the spike
protein.

Now at the top, you see in yellow Wuhan, that's the original sequence. But as you start to look down as variants
have emerged, more and more mutations have been – are being found in those regions that are key to driving
neutralization. BA.1 was the first that had a large number of mutations and then BA.4/5 assumed additional
mutations. And all the way at the bottom you see XBB.1.5 where you see very little yellow left. And if you look
very closely at the light reds and the oranges, you see additional mutations versus BA.4/5 as well.

So understanding that, we – two steps happened after that point. One, we've developed a risk assessment toolkit
that allows us to take the antigenic changes, those mutations, and assess the potential impact of risk. And that
risk, scoring toolkit that we've developed allows us to very quickly get a – perform an assessment to see what the
potential impact on immune escape is. And the second part of our response is what's displayed here is we take


                                                                                                                   10
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                          Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                    13-Sep-2023

[indiscernible] (00:35:27) that we have banked from our clinical studies of updated vaccines and perform direct
neutralization assessments against the variants included in the vaccine as well as new variants that have
emerged.

So in this case, this was performed prior to the updated VRBPAC back in June in order to give us a sense of,
from our perspective, if a updated vaccine composition might be needed. So on the left hand side in blue, you see
the neutralization in these participants against BA.4/5. And both those with prior infection and those without, you
see a very potent boost and a very high level of neutralization after the booster against BA.4/5. But as – in
concurrence with our risk assessment which suggested that XBB.1.5 had a high potential for immune escape.
Direct neutralization assessment also showed the same story, and that was that XBB.1.5 well boosted by our
BA.4/5 bivalent vaccine had much lower neutralization titers than we previously had seen against other variants
that circulated prior to it.

So that gets us to the next part of our process, and that is development of at-risk variant vaccine candidates. So
building up to the selection point in June 15, 2023, we prepared a number of at-risk vaccine candidates and
assessed them in animals, but also for one – for the compositions that we thought were the most likely to be
selected, we produced GMP material and ran a small clinical study to prepare the most relevant data that could
be used for that strain selection conversation with regulators. So this is the design of the trial that we ran, it's 101
participants randomized between two arms. One where we vaccinated with a monovalent XBB.1.5 candidate and
the other with a bivalent BA.4/5 plus XBB.1.5 candidate. As at that time, the conversation was really around if a
bivalent would continue to be needed or if a monovalent candidate all that would be required for this season. So,
these participants had previously received four doses of COVID-19 vaccine, an initial primary series of mRNA-
1273, a third dose of mRNA-1273, and then a fourth booster dose of mRNA-1273.222 which is the BA.4/5
bivalent.

So what's listed here is for these individuals, they had received a fifth dose of either the monovalent or bivalent
XBB candidate. And I'll be showing some data, and the data that I'll be showing comes from what is now the
authorized vaccine or the approved vaccine, which is our monovalent XBB 1.5 fall 2023/2024 seasonal booster.

So starting out with the data that was presented to the VRBPAC committee, which directly informed on strain
selection. So we did present our animal data, but most informative to the conversation was the clinical data that
we obtained from the subjects that I just described, from the individuals that I just described.

So first, this is from the monovalent XBB.1.5 vaccine arm. And on the left-hand side, you see the direct
comparison of the strain that's actually included in the vaccine, XBB.1.5. But question at the VRBPAC – a
question that was in the field is given that at the time that we were selecting a strain, there were multiple variants
co-circulating could a monovalent candidate cross-neutralize to those other variants.

And as you can see from the data they did and they did that very well, so XBB.1.5, XBB.1.16 and XBB.2.3.2 were
all co-circulating and all three were effectively cross-neutralized to the same degree as the variant that was
directly contained in the vaccine. Gave us confidence, gave the FDA VRBPAC committee confidence. And the
recommendation was then made by the VRBPAC, by the FDA, the WHO, the EMA that the seasonal composition
for the 2023/2024 season would be a XBB monovalent vaccine.

And as I mentioned, when I first started talking, it's a very exciting week. The fact that we are now post-approval
and now in a position to make our appointments and get vaccinated makes me very excited not only for myself
but also for my family.




                                                                                                                     11
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                      Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

But our work doesn't end there. We still have a commitment to the community and that is to continue monitoring
the evolution of the virus and to continue to assess and report on the impact of these new variants against the fall
2023/2024 vaccine composition. To make sure that we are staying abreast of the evolution of this virus and also
to make sure that we're continuing to provide the best data and the most informative data not only to agencies,
not only for the selection process, but also to the public, so that they know what we know.

Now part of this assessment really falls into two categories for two types of variants that do emerge. The first
category is we've all heard about, I think, EG.5.1 and some of us FL.1.5.1. These are two sub-lineage variants of
the XBB family. And they now have become amongst the most globally dominant variants out there.

So there's a lot of interest in determining if there's any impact on the performance of our vaccine against these
new variants. Now our risk assessment suggested that these variants had very low impact versus our XBB.1.5
candidate vaccine. But because they became globally dominant, we performed neutralization assessment and
now have put those results out in the form of a preprint, so that it's public.

Now the second example is BA.2.86, which emerged about a month ago. It's currently circulating in very low
numbers. But at the same time, based on the antigenic changes present on that variant, it has created a lot of
concern about its potential to escape immunity that would even be provided by the updated vaccine. So this is the
other scenario where there's a high potential for immune escape, but low circulation triggers our neutralization
assessment.

So we used the sera that we collected from the clinical study I described in order to perform an assessment of
cross-neutralization against these new variants. This information was presented to the CDC ACIP committee this
past Tuesday and also has now been put out into another preprint so that it is public and available. But what it
shows is that when you're comparing these new variants EG.5.1, FL.1.5.1, and also BA.2.86 cross-neutralization
versus the neutralization rise that we see for XBB.1.5, we see efficient cross-neutralization of these newer
variants.

So this does not only gives a demonstration of how we perform an assessment but also these very promising
results against these new circulating variants at the time that the vaccine is approved and launched.

So what I've hopefully shared with you is a brief description of the process that we go through to performing
preparation for strain selection and also the type of data that we provide to regulators to enable them to select the
strain on a seasonal basis, and also our continued commitment to monitoring and providing data. And I just want
to highlight that this is a process that we'll be going through year-over-year as variants will continue to emerge,
hopefully, a little bit slower. I need a vacation. But we will be performing this in order to enable us to have the
most effective vaccine in the future.

And I think – go ahead.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Unverified Participant

[indiscernible] (00:44:00-(00:44:11)
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Darin Edwards
Executive Director, COVID Vaccines Program Leader, Moderna, Inc.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              12
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Yeah. Okay. We'll take questions at the end. So thank you very much. That actually concludes my talk. So now I'll
pass it to Raffael to talk about influenza.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Raffael Nachbagauer
Program Leader & Executive Director, Infectious Disease Development, Moderna, Inc.
Thanks so much, Darin. And I'm really excited to share an update today on our mRNA-1010 program. To start
out, I want to give a little bit of a summary of what we have really rapidly learned in the last 15 months alone. In
May 2022, we started our first pivotal Phase 3 study in our seasonal influenza program P301. It was a safety and
immunogenicity study conducted in the Southern Hemisphere. And it was intended to give initial accelerated
approval based on immunogenicity. However, those types of approvals generally come with the requirement to
demonstrate efficacy post-marketing.

In 2022, we started to see influenza pop up again, and so we decided to get a head start on fulfilling that post-
marketing commitment. And we initiated the P302 study in the Northern Hemisphere during the 2022-2023
Northern Hemisphere flu season while P301 was still ongoing. As you all know, we have, in the meantime,
received interim data from both P301 and P302. However, we did not have those data until both of those studies
were enrolled.

The first data we got from P301 was the Day 29 immunogenicity data where we saw that we met our non-
inferiority endpoints for influenza A strains and even superiority for H3N2, but we did not meet our endpoints on
influenza B strains. For P302, we had DSMB assess the interim analysis and they didn't show early success for
efficacy. And since that interim analysis, we accrued 48 more cases and we were not able to demonstrate
protocol-defined statistical non-inferiority.

With those data, rather than continuing P302 into another season, we decided to rapidly pivot to P303 to test an
improved formulation of mRNA-1010 to demonstrate immunogenicity and safety of that updated vaccine.

I want to give a brief summary of what the P303 study looks like. It's a randomized, observer-blind, active-
controlled study where we one-to-one randomized mRNA-1010 to 50 micrograms against Fluarix, which is the
same comparator that we used in all three pivotal studies. It's a standard dose influenza vaccine comparator.

We enrolled approximately 2,400 participants in the April/May timeframe in the United States exclusively. And
when we look at the local and systemic adverse events, we see the graphs here on the right side. Overall, the
safety profile was in line with prior clinical studies, where we evaluated mRNA-1010. And mRNA-1010 showed an
acceptable reactogenicity profile with the majority of solicited adverse events being Grade 1 and Grade 2 in
nature. The reactogenicity was higher in the mRNA-1010 groups compared to the standard dose vaccine
comparator group. However, we saw a trend of reactogenicity in older adults being lower than in the younger
adults.

Now with that, going into the immunogenicity, and importantly and most excitedly, we met non-inferiority against
the standard dose influenza comparator for all equal primary end points, which includes geometric mean titer
ratios and seroconversion rates for all four strains. Maybe I shouldn't have said most excitedly, because the most
excited part is that the titers, if you look on the right side, it's a similar graph to what Jackie had previously
described that shows that geometric mean titer ratios of mRNA-1010 to Fluarix.

And just to briefly describe again, the line of one indicates that the vaccines would be the same, anything above
means that mRNA-1010 performed better; anything below would indicate that it would perform worse. And there
is a line indicated NI which would demonstrate non-inferiority. So that's the bar that we needed to meet for the


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              13
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

licensure criteria. And you can see that the bars are obviously substantially above that. And in fact, all the lower
bounds of 95% confidence levels are above one compared to the same dose comparator.

Importantly, this also holds true for seroconversion rates, which are not shown on that slide. And we see it
consistently in all our age groups that we evaluated in this study, which was 18 years and older, and importantly,
in the 65 years and older group, where we know that enhanced vaccines are preferentially recommended, we
also saw that improved benefit, which is really in line with what enhanced vaccines have generally shown in that
age population.

Now, talking about enhanced vaccines, we also had data from a smaller Phase 1/2 study, where we enrolled
approximately 50 participants in Fluzone high dose, which is an enhanced licensed influenza vaccine that's
preferentially recommended for older adults and mRNA-1010. And here in the right side, you can obviously see
that the confidence levels become a bit wider, because the sample sizes are smaller. However, even with those
wide confidence levels, we've seen some really encouraging data, it's just the tighter was similar or numerically
higher than Fluzone high dose for all of the strains, especially for the A strains you can actually see the lower
bound of the 95% confidence intervals still exceeds 1.

And these data importantly support future Phase 3 studies, where we're planning to go head-to-head against
enhanced influenza vaccines to actually demonstrate how we compare to those vaccines in these types of larger
studies.

So to summarize, we've seen mRNA-1010 demonstrate a consistent, acceptable safety and tolerability profile
across all three Phase 3 studies. In the most recent Phase 3 study, mRNA-1010 has not only met all of its
immunogenicity endpoints, but also demonstrated higher titers compared to a same dose influenza vaccine.

And the meeting of the non-inferiority for the 8 primary endpoints are what the licensure criteria are based on for
immunogenicity. And we also showed you some data for mRNA-1010 against Fluzone high dose and enhanced
influenza vaccine, but the titers were similar and numerically higher compared to that best-in-class vaccine.

This really highlights the rapid progress that we've made in our seasonal influenza program. So I mentioned the
last 15 months of learning but we truly are only two-and-a-half years out from our initial IND filing in this program,
and we have generated a wealth of data at this point and really made some substantial improvements. And it
really demonstrates the power of the mRNA platform. And it shows that when you understand your platform well,
you can rapidly innovate and improve upon your vaccines continuously.

And last but not least, we have started consultations with global leaders on the initial approval package for
mRNA-1010.

And with that, I'm handing it back over to Jackie.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.
Okay. Well, thank you so much, Raffael and Darin, for that great overview of our emerging data. So now I have
just two more jobs with respect to the respiratory portfolio. No more new data, but I wanted to give you a brief
update about our current regulatory progress with the RSV vaccine and then talk a little bit about where we are
with combinations. So I'm really excited that we have now submitted our BLA license application to the FDA for
mRNA-1345. That's our RSV vaccine, and it's targeted for an indication in older adults as of 60 years of age. This
BLA submission joins regulatory submissions that are ongoing elsewhere in the world from earlier this summer


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              14
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

and that's including in Europe, in Switzerland, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. So as we move
forward, we're hoping to hear some indication from the regulatory agencies about how those files are received.

Just a brief summary of the contents of that package. What we observed in our primary efficacy analysis was that
there was 84% and 83% respectively vaccine efficacy against lower respiratory tract disease due to RSV with
either two or three symptoms – at least two or three symptoms, I should say. There was also a secondary
analysis that was performed. We actually performed many subgroup analyses in these studies. And we looked at
patients who had no medical comorbidities – and comorbidity was defined as a few specific conditions like chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease, diabetes, asthma, congestive heart failure, things that tend to lead patients to
have a higher risk of serious complications from RSV. And what we observed was that whether you had one of
these medical co-morbidities or not, the vaccine efficacy was generally consistent with 88% vaccine efficacy in
those with co-morbidities.

From a safety perspective, we saw a really consistent safety profile with what's been observed with other mRNA
vaccines with pain, the most frequently reported local reaction with headache, fatigue, myalgia, arthralgia, the
most common systemic reactions and most reactions were grade 1 or grade 2. I should say, overall, the
percentages are lower with the RSV vaccine than with COVID, although with the caveat that it's difficult to
compare studies that were not conducted head-to-head.

From a safety profile perspective, we see no new safety concerns. And specifically, we did not see cases of
Guillain-Barre or acute demyelinating encephalomyelitis in this trial, and that is in a Phase 3 trial that is actually
amongst the largest of those that have been conducted with RSV vaccines. We now anticipate that we may hear
as early as second quarter of next year about the outcome of our submissions.

So now taking a step back and reviewing our strategy overall for this portfolio, I would say, we're well on the way
of the pillar in the strategy on the left side of the graph, which is we really aim to bring best-in-class vaccines. We
know that these infections can cause serious complications and we are willing actually moving to the right side of
the graph to begin to innovate and improve as we learn from our clinical trials to make a better vaccine while that
development is ongoing. And I think that's the development strategy that makes us a bit unique.

We are going to continue to do that now as well with combination vaccines and we are beginning to put these
different antigens together into a portfolio of combination vaccines. So we currently have four ongoing studies with
four of these combination vaccines. Why four? Why not do them one at a time in series? The reason is as the
epidemiology of these viruses change, it's unclear to us actually what's going to be the most fruitful combination
for the general public. And while we're furthest along in our flu COVID program, we're also anticipating results
with flu RSV and an early formulation of flu RSV COVID later this year.

And then finally, we don't want to leave children behind. So children actually are the first group that are being
evaluated with our RSV and hMPV vaccine.

And so, with that, I'm going to hand it over to Arpa Garay, our Chief Commercial Officer, to talk about the
commercial opportunities of these vaccines.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Arpa Garay
Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you, Jackie. Good afternoon, everybody. So as we think about the respiratory vaccines, which are near-
term launches coming very, very shortly, what's exciting from a commercial perspective is we already have a
footprint, we already have capabilities in this space that we can build upon for both the RSV launch, as well as flu


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              15
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                          Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

launch and future launches. From us contracting and a seasonality perspective, we do anticipate all three of the
big three vaccines will be the same exact season as COVID.

From a customer perspective, we're also looking at contracting with pretty much the same customer base; and
from a patient perspective, significant overlap. Obviously, with flu and with RSV, we wouldn't be looking at the
pediatric population just yet, but we really are looking at more of a portfolio approach in everything that we do
from a commercial perspective.

Overall, as I think about the respiratory vaccines, we are now participating in what we would consider the big
three respiratory diseases that have significant burden of disease, not only in the United States but also around
the world. So when you look at the unmet needs and the burden of disease, what you'll see is overall we believe
the total respiratory vaccine market can reach up to $30 billion, which we will be a part of.

From a COVID perspective, we have communicated in the past. We think that market could be about a $15 billion
market as we get into more of an endemic phase. From an RSV perspective, it could be anywhere up to the $10
billion size as we think about, again, the burden of disease in that group. And last but not least, with flu right now,
we see about 500 million to 600 million doses worldwide at about a $6 billion market today that we believe with
more effective flu vaccines could actually grow to closer to $9 billion.

So I'm going to start with COVID, similar to Darin, this is a really exciting week to be in front of all of you with
Monday getting our vaccine approved. And just as of yesterday, getting the ACIP recommendation in the United
States. What you'll see here on the left hand side, which should be very familiar to all of you is when we looked at
the data of hospitalizations in the last season, you can see that COVID continues to be about 3 times more
hospitalizations and flu and RSV. And so this is not during the height of the pandemic, this is just the most recent
season.

In the United States alone, we're also seeing COVID actually, even in 2023, as a top four leading cause of death.
So COVID is still here, it is still creating significant burden. And importantly, you'll see on the chart on the right-
hand side, which we have collected a sample data from a US claims database that's been robust and shared with
the CDC. And what you'll see here is despite some misinformation that may exist, the hospitalizations are actually
significantly higher than flu across all age groups.

So COVID is not just a vaccine for the 65-plus or high risk, it really is a vaccine that's relevant across all age
groups. And that was what was reflected in the ACIP recommendations to align it with the flu universal
recommendations for anyone over six months.

So what are we doing from a commercial perspective? The first half of this year has been very, very much
focused on securing contracts. I'm very happy to report that we have actually secured contracts across every
segment of the US business. We're working with the CDC, with the DOD, with the VA and federal programs
where we've secured contracts. We have secured contracts across all retail pharmacy chains, including the
independent chains. And we have also secured contracts with integrated delivery networks, regional networks, as
well as GPOs and smaller clinics.

So we are feeling really comfortable about having our contract secured and in place. As of this week, we are also
now actively shipping our doses to these different sites. So as early as later this week, we will have some sites
that actually have the new vaccine writing available for those who are coming in to get vaccinated.




                                                                                                                     16
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                      Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                         Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

So for the remainder of this year, really, this is now all about vaccination rates. How many Americans are going to
come in to get their COVID vaccine? We're feeling good about the contracts. We're feeling good about supply.
And now what we're really doubling down on is how do we continue to partner across the ecosystem to make sure
consumers are educated on the need for the vaccine based on the burden data that you just saw, so that we can
really help from a public health perspective. So we're doing this in four different ways – again, trying to really work
within the healthcare system versus as Moderna alone.

First and foremost, we have been working very closely with the medical community throughout the pandemic and
since then to continue to really reinforce the importance of vaccination and the burden of disease, particularly in
the 65-plus, high-risk groups. and that medical community is very, very well-educated and ready to recommend
for their populations.

From a customer perspective, we're also working closely with retail pharmacy chains and with larger integrated
delivery networks to give them all of the education that we have to make it easy for them to recommend vaccines
to their patient base, so that it's a simpler conversation on when you come in for your flu shot, you should also get
your COVID shot, because COVID continues to actually be a higher burden of disease than even flu is today.

Thirdly, we are now looking to expand and go directly to consumers in a bigger way than we have. We will be re-
engaging the consumer through social channels as well as broadcast TV again; again, the real focus here will be
any adult who has gotten a flu shot, we believe, is the ideal target for us, for them to come in and get their COVID
shot as well. And that's what we're hearing from customer feedback. That's what we're seeing in all the surveys is
that those people who are willing to get their flu shot are going to be more willing to get their COVID shot. It's just
a matter of simple, clear education and making sure that it's available and convenient.

Last but not least, we are partnering with different professional organizations, whether it be specialty groups in the
high-risk populations or underserved communities. So we've also worked pretty closely with underserved
communities to make sure that there is clear access to our vaccines in their rural areas and different
demographics in the United States.

From an RSV perspective, as Jackie mentioned, we're really excited about the product profile that we have going
into launch season in 2024. First and foremost, what we're seeing is very consistent, high effectiveness across
different subgroups and different populations. Secondly, as Jackie mentioned, we're seeing a very well-
established safety and tolerability profile, which gives us confidence. Importantly, we will be the only mRNA/RSV
vaccine, and it's built on the same mRNA technology that has now been used in over 1 billion people during
COVID. So we're feeling very good about the safety and tolerability profile.

And then last but not least, which is extremely important from a customer perspective is our ease of
administration. So we will be the only vaccine that is on a ready to use prefilled syringe. What that does for
customers, not just in the United States but around the world, is it helps them save a lot of time, which is
extremely valuable to retail pharmacies, for example, and doctors, but it also has the ability to reduce medication
errors, which is certainly something that many countries are looking at around the world to make sure that
medication errors are kept to a minimum.

Now, from a flu perspective, I mentioned earlier, the flu market is about $6 billion today. As we continue to get
more and more data about our profile, what is exciting on the right-hand side is you'll see that over the last several
years, the flu market has been growing based on enhanced flu vaccines. So as we launch into more of an
enhanced market, we believe we can expand and grow the flu market with more effective, potentially flu vaccines
and grow the overall flu market.


                                                                                                                    17
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023


Last but not least, what I, as a consumer but also as a commercial leader, am very excited about is the potential
for combination vaccines. We've seen a lot of vaccine fatigue. We've seen a lot of people just tired of going back
in multiple times or hesitant to get two shots at once. And the combination vaccines, we think, can have a pretty
dramatic impact, both from a healthcare system perspective in creating efficiencies, but also from a consumer
perspective and creating convenience.

So with that, I'm going to ask Jackie to take us through the latent and other viruses.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.
Yeah, [indiscernible] (01:06:17) best of our vaccine portfolio. We actually have an expanding portfolio of latent
virus vaccines, which are shown on this slide. And then we're also emerging into new areas. So we have our first
gastrointestinal vaccine, which is norovirus. And I'm going to be telling you a little bit more about that one today,
as well as our first bacterial vaccine, Lyme disease. And so why are these two programs so important to us? They
really enable us to further investigate and expand the impact we can have with the mRNA technology.

Most of our trials are still in Phase 1. So what I'll mostly share with you today from a latent perspective is an
update on our CMV program. I did want to highlight that we are bringing forward a couple of novel programs also
first-in-human this year. So we have two therapeutic vaccines that we've started, first-in-human since January
2023. The first is an EBV vaccine that's enhanced not only with the lytic antigens, that's the same as the mRNA-
1189 program designed to prevent infectious mononucleosis, but T cell antigens and latent antigens as well that
should be able to help us prevent the longer-term complications of EBV infection, including complications like
multiple sclerosis and some cancers like non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, gastric carcinoma and nasopharyngeal
carcinoma.

The second therapeutic vaccine for which we've started a Phase 1 this year is our herpes simplex virus vaccine.
This is a vaccine that's actually intended to treat patients that already have herpes and have frequent
recurrences. These patients currently are often on antiviral prophylaxis or treatment. And the idea is to enable
them to have more convenient therapy with hopefully fewer exacerbations over time. But so the focus of this
discussion today is going to be on CMV, which is currently in our Phase 3 program, and then the initiation of
norovirus, which is our first product that's targeting a gastrointestinal virus.

So starting with CMV. CMV is the most common congenital infection worldwide, and it results in billions of dollars
in annual healthcare costs. The sequelae at birth most commonly includes sensorineural deafness. It's actually
the most common congenital cause of sensorineural deafness. And the longer-term complications are often
neurologic in nature as well, and include things like cognitive impairment, seizure disorders and cerebral palsy.

One in 200 infants actually is born to a mother who has passed along a CMV infection. And of those infants, one
in five will turn out to have severe life-altering problems. So we think that cytomegalovirus is an incredibly
important infection to address. So our vaccine includes six mRNA sequences. They encode two antigens. One is
the [audio gap] (01:09:39-01:09:53) can build upon past success.

Our Phase 3 program has recently completed enrollment of the adult cohort. So while enrollment is still ongoing in
younger women 16 to 17 years of age, we have completed the enrollment of over 6,900 women of childbearing
age. Why are the adolescents so important? We think they're important because this is a three-dose vaccine. And
one of the ways to increase uptake can be to include it in a vaccination schedule with other routinely



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              18
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                           Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                    13-Sep-2023

recommended vaccines. 16 is a big age when children are still going to their pediatrician prior to college entry.
And so we think this is really an opportunity to take advantage of the adolescent platform for vaccination.

The participants in this trial are at a higher risk for acquiring CMV, so they all have contact with younger children
as of the age of 20. And the reason for that is to really enhance the likelihood that we will capture cases of
primary infection. So this – again, learning from the development we've done in the past, this is a case accrual
study. And we're now in that point of time where we are waiting for those cases to begin to accrue. We have
approximately a quarter of the cases that we need for our first interim analysis.

So let me talk a little bit about the statistics and what will happen at that first interim analysis. When 81 cases of
primary infection have accrued in the study, we will perform our first analysis. And we've talked through this graph
before, but I'll take you through again. The dotted line represents study power as a function of the true vaccine
efficacy at the time of the interim analysis. The dotted line is the first one, the solid line is the final one, which we
will conduct when we've accrued 112 cases.

So if you just look at the dotted line for a moment, if the true vaccine efficacy is 60%, we have about 60% power.
So a little better than flipping a coin of demonstrating successful vaccine efficacy. Another way to think about that
is the lowest possible efficacy that we could see and still meet that objective is 57.7%. But now look at if this
vaccine has 70% vaccine efficacy. We're already at a place where we have 90% power to be successful, which is
why we built in this interim analysis. However, if we are not successful, that doesn't mean that this won't be an
efficacious vaccine. It just means that the particular case split will not allow us to conclude the study early.

So now I'm going to pivot a little bit and speak about our norovirus vaccine program. And for those of you that
haven't heard of it, norovirus is one of the most common causes of diarrheal disease each year. And it impacts,
like respiratory viruses, primarily the very young and the very old. It's also an infection that's taking place at an
epithelial surface. So not so different, actually, than respiratory vaccines, which is what really gives us confidence
that the mechanism of action that's working in respiratory can also work in gastrointestinal infections.

The highest incidence is actually in children, and we will be, as part of this program, de-escalating our dose
ranging into children relatively early. But older adults and immunocompromised are actually at the highest risk of
severe outcomes from disease. And that's typically dehydration and it's further complications. The burden among
older adults is expected to rise with societal aging and the increased need for institutionalized care.

So what you can see on the right-hand side of the graph is a comparison of the infections and deaths and
hospitalizations, as well as costs in the US versus the rest of the world. And I think even in the US alone, with $2
billion in annual healthcare costs, this is a program well worth targeting.

So how have we designed our vaccine? This is a vaccine that actually like our Zika virus vaccine, rather than
being a cell-surface-expressed, actually, expresses a virus like particle that is excreted from the cell. This is really
to take advantage of how the immunity at mucosal surfaces can occur. We have the VLPs that are structurally
similar to the native virus, and we think that really will help to mimic immunity from a natural infection, similar to
what we've done with COVID-19 and RSV.

And unfortunately, now, you still can't see what I was speaking about, but I'm going to continue from there, and
hopefully, they'll get the tech back up and running. So we now started our Phase 1 norovirus study last month. We
are investigating both a trivalent and a pentavalent formulation. And we will, based on that result, pick one of
those formulations to take forward into Phase 3 development if we see acceptable safety and immunogenicity.




                                                                                                                     19
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                      Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

So I think that was what I really wanted to share with you about norovirus. And Arpa is here to come up and talk
about some of the commercial implications for our latent portfolio. I'll leave it to her to decide if she speaks without
slides. Oh, it's back up.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Arpa Garay
Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you, Jackie. So from a latent perspective, you'll see [indiscernible] (01:15:49) vaccines and with similar
contracting and buying and purchasing customers around the world, there are some distinct differences as I
compare it to the respiratory portfolio. First and foremost, I think from a diversification perspective, latent viruses
typically do not follow a seasonal pattern. So we will see more of sort of an even selling cycle across the latent
portfolio. And as you look at other latent vaccines that have launched like the Gardasils or the Shingrixes of the
world, what you also see is upon launch, they don't have significant uptakes that then sort of stabilize as you may
see in maybe a respiratory vaccine, but rather you see more of a trend towards expansion and growth as these
vaccines are expanded to different patient populations.

Overall, and Jackie touched just briefly on the number of latent and other viruses we're looking at. If we look
across all of the different areas, we think this total market could be as big as $10 billion to $25 billion, just given
the ongoing burden of disease. And for us, as I mentioned earlier, with the portfolio that we have, we do see
significant commercial opportunity as well. We'll be competing similar to the HPV as well as the VZV landscapes
into multibillion dollar opportunities with each one of our [indiscernible] (01:17:10).

I mean last but not least I did want to just touch on norovirus as Jackie had teed-up. Jackie shared there are
about 200,000 deaths globally from this virus. There is a significant unmet need. I can tell you from a patient
perspective there is significant interest as well and actually preventing a lot of this disease. And while you'll see
particularly in the US on the real burden of disease is in the very young as well as very old, it is actually still quite
prevalent across all age groups. As someone that does not fit into either category, I just had norovirus last week
and it is not something that anybody wants.

So we are seeing significant interest in norovirus from a consumer perspective. And if you look at the pediatric
population and compare it to a rotavirus, what you'll see is norovirus actually has more burden of disease than
even rotavirus does which today is a multibillion dollar opportunity around the world.

On the right hand side, as we look at norovirus versus RSV, you also see significant burden of disease in the
above 65. Again another multibillion dollar potential commercial opportunity. So we're very excited about the
overall latent portfolio. I will not go through all of them today. But really just to touch on from a latent vaccines
perspective, we see more of a steady sort of growth with expansion and then with some of our other vaccines like
norovirus we do see a significant burden of disease, unmet needs and interest from a public health perspective.

So with that, I am going to give us all a break. I think we have a break before we come back for the therapeutics
section. Thank you.

[Break] (01:18:58-01:36:00)
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.
... [indiscernible] (01:36:02) about how platform can be leveraged for our therapeutics pipeline. Similar to what our
ID pipeline colleagues talked about, we can leverage the platform in multiple ways for therapeutics. [indiscernible]


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              20
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                        Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                 13-Sep-2023

(01:36:20-01:36:30) by utilizing common LNPs we can match these LNP to different indications. We can leverage
the information within the LNP and we can start at higher dose levels. We can accelerate our dose escalations.
We can utilize information to have smaller packages for IND and even for BLAs. So there's a lot of information
that we can use to leverage across our platforms and we're doing just that.

We also have similar trial design elements. So by that I mean we're using the same types of infusion procedures,
we're using the same dose schedules, we're using lots of common endpoints. All of this can really help us
accelerate our programs across the therapeutics pipeline.

This is just a quick snapshot of our therapeutics pipeline and I'll go over some of these molecules with you right
now. So the PA and MMA programs are programs that Geoffrey Rezvani will talk to you about a little bit later and
do a deep dive on those programs. GSD1a is also a program that's in clinic, so PA, MMA, GSD1a are all our
programs that are in clinic today.

And then on the right side of the slide, we have programs that, I hope – well, the CF program, VX-522, is also in
clinic. At the bottom of the right, we have a couple of programs that hopefully will be in clinic shortly. And as we
announced earlier, the PKU program just received safe to proceed letter from the FDA. So, we'll have that
program in clinic shortly. It's really exciting about the PKU program, and this is a program where we'll be starting
our Phase 1 trial in patients. And so hopefully we'll see proof-of-concept relatively quickly as soon as we start
dosing our first patients.

I also mentioned very briefly our CF program, really excited about the CF program. We're doing this in
collaboration with Vertex. As you know, Vertex is the world leader in cystic fibrosis. They're experts in the disease.
And I think we're really solving a significant unmet need here in the patients with missense mutations who really
have no other available options. So, I'm excited to see the progress of our CF program as well.

So these are the three programs that all use a common LNP; our MMA program, our PA program and our PKU
program. Our MMA program, and PA program will have updated data that we'll share with you today and
hopefully we'll start generating similar data with PKU. The information that we've gathered from MMA and PA will
be used to help support our PKU program because they share the common LNP.

And in this slide, I'm sharing with you the two different LNPs that we have in clinic. LNP 1, for the PA and MMA
program. We have almost 30 years of patient experience of dosing in those products. It's been very well tolerated,
very infrequent allergic reactions, very encouraging signs of clinical benefit, and we hope we'll see very similar
effects with our PKU program. And then with GSD1a, we haven't had quite the extensive experience with GSD1a
in clinic. However, to date we haven't seen any dose limiting toxicities and it's been very well tolerated and we
hope to see similar effects with our OTC program that we'd like to bring into clinic early next year.

So with all of these rare disease programs, we're excited to share with you that we think we'll have product
launches for four of these programs within the next five years. And the reason why I can say this is twofold. One,
because regulators around the world have become very interested in rare diseases. Regulators have told us that
they want us to bring these programs forward. They want to help us get these products to patients because
they've been neglected in the past. And they see the value of our platform across all of these different rare
diseases. So, with propionic acidemia, MMA, glycogen storage disease, phenylketonuria, all of these programs,
we think, are programs that can proceed to a product launch within the next five years. But this is not the end. So,
there are between 1,000 and 1,500 inborn errors of metabolism. And I believe that our platform can help solve all
of those inborn errors of metabolism. So stay tuned, we'll have many other programs that we'll announce over the
coming years.


                                                                                                                  21
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                    Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023


And with that, I'd like to turn things over to Geoffrey Rezvani, who will talk to you a little bit more about our PA,
MMA and PKU programs. Geoff?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Geoffrey Rezvani
Program Leader, CV/Emerging Therapeutics and Oncology, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you very much, Kyle. First of all, I am the Program Leader for our PA and MMA programs. And I'm happy
to be here today to share some updates on our PA program. The first data that we're going to be sharing on our
MMA program and I'll talk a little bit about PKU as well. So, I'm a pediatric endocrinologist and I had the
opportunity to take care of patients with inborn errors of metabolism when I was in practice. And I've seen how
devastating these diseases are for the patients with them as well as the families. And I couldn't be more excited
for the opportunity that we have with our platform to address some of the unmet medical needs that still exist in
these patients with these diseases and beyond.

So, I'll start out with a quick update on where we are with our PA program. So this was our first program testing an
intracellular protein, and we've presented a little bit of data on this in the past, and we continue to expand our
experience with the program. Propionic acidemia and methylmalonic acidemia are both inborn errors of
metabolism of the same pathway. One that's responsible for metabolism of certain proteins and the immuno acids
in them and fatty acids that are in almost everything we eat. And it's necessary for the body to change these into
energy in the mitochondria.

So with PA, you can get abnormalities in this PCCA or PCCB gene causing this. And with that, you get a number
of issues. So you get chronic disease issues such as severe neurologic issues like seizures, developmental
delay, and you also get acute problems on top of that. You can have strokes and you can have metabolic
decompensation events, which we'll talk about quite a bit more as we go through this program here. Those can be
severely debilitating and deadly.

Now our approach to treating propionic acidemia is to replace that intracellular enzyme using mRNA to code for
that enzyme.

Now we presented some data on this last year, some very early data on our Phase 1/2 program. And then we
presented more in-depth data for this at the American Society of Gene & Cell Therapy meeting in March. So
there's a deeper dive there, and we've continued to build on that experience over the last months. So again, this
is our Paramount trial, Phase 1/2 study, safety and PK are our primary endpoints. We're also though looking at
clues towards efficacy in this program. And we've made great progress on this. So at this point, we've now
enrolled all of our dose finding cohorts and we have moved on to dose confirmation. In fact, we only have one
more patient that we need to enroll in this trial at this point. So, we're hoping to get that patient in soon and be
able to select this dose and move on from there.

So far, we've dosed 20 patients. We've got 12 patients who've had more than one year, 19.1 patient years of
experience and we've given now over 433 intravenous doses. The majority of the patients have additionally
chosen to remain on our drug in Open Label Extension. And it's generally been very well-tolerated with no dose
limiting toxicities.

Importantly, I also want to note that we've only seen mild and moderate infusion related reactions for the most
part. And of those 433 doses, we've seen this in less than 10%. So, I think that's really important to know that the
patients are tolerating these infusions very well over time also. And as we learn more about our LNPs and
infusing them, we hope to see that number go down even more.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              22
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                        Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023


Now metabolic decompensation events that I mentioned earlier are our main clinical outcome that we're looking at
here. These are serious, clinically significant events that you see in both PA and MMA. These commonly present
shortly after birth in these patients, and they can be a major contributor to mortality and long-term problems in
these patients and they can kill them as well. So, these can be objectively measured. And in our discussions with
regulators on PA, they've provided initial support for using MDEs as a clinical meaningful endpoint.

So again, we showed you some information in the past on MDEs, we continue to collect that information in more
patients and over more time. And so far, what we've seen with this, is the relative risk among patients with prior
MDE, which is the main group that we're likely to continue to follow for this endpoint. We've seen an overall
reduction of over 70% of that relative risk.

And if you just look at the patients who are on the regimen where we think we get efficacy, the two-week dosing
regimen that goes up to 80% relative risk reduction. So a really robust reduction in these terrible events. So
overall, we're expanding our experience with this drug in the clinic in PA. It's been generally well tolerated with no
DLTs. And this early information continues to support a reduction in MDEs. Majority of patients stay on drug in the
Open Label Extension, and the next steps are to get that last patient into this trial so that we can finish this up,
confirm our dose, and move on to the next stages of development. So stay tuned for that.

Now methylmalonic acidemia, we talked a little bit about this last year and kind of previewed where we were going
with this. But this is going to be the first time now that we've collected more data that we're sharing some
information about this. As mentioned earlier, MMA is a disorder of the same metabolic pathway that I just talked
about with PA. This time you're talking about a different enzyme further down that pathway that methylmalonyl
CoA mutase enzyme. This disease again, just like PA because you're looking at the same pathway there has very
similar problems to patients with PA, where you get those neurologic problems. These patients also tend to have
kidney failure that you don't see quite as much in propionic acidemia and they still have those acute events that
can be deadly or severely debilitating in strokes and MDEs.

There is no current treatment available for this. No medical treatment that addresses the underlying problem.
These patients are treated with protein-restricted diets or sometimes with liver and kidney transplant. Those have
their own problems. So even with that, there's still a really large unmet medical need in these patients.

I'll say this over and over and you've seen the slide before. Same approach to treating we use with our platform.
We replace that abnormal enzyme by delivering that mRNA to the liver to code for that enzyme. So our Landmark
trial, this is analogous to our Paramount trial in propionic acidemia. It's our first-in-human Phase 1/2 study looking
at safety and pharmacology of our mRNA-3705 in these patients with MMA.

We're also looking at some secondary endpoints of – that I'll talk about in a minute of methylmalonic acid levels.
And again, as an exploratory endpoint, those MDEs as a clinical outcome. We've now fully enrolled the first three
dose-finding cohorts. And importantly, we're getting up to a range where we might expect to see some efficacy
out of the doses that we're at. We've also enrolled two patients in Cohort 4 and we'll continue working through
these dose-finding cohorts to select a dose. So good progress there to this point.

The patients look like you might expect for a fairly diverse inborn errors in metabolism [ph] trial (01:50:12). But
what I want to point out and note is that we started out in patients one year and above, and that's really important
in these trials because these are diseases that very much affect children disproportionately and obviously they're
born with. So we've got to get our drugs into these patients early on in life and figure out how they work, find the
right doses for those patients early on. And as you can see, we've already enrolled a wide age range in this trial.


                                                                                                                   23
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                    Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                         Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023


So as of now, we've dosed 11 patients so far with a total of actually now over 221 doses, with a total cumulative
treatment of 10.5 patient years. It's ongoing. We're looking for that final participant in Cohort 4. We're hoping to
enroll them in the next couple of weeks. And just like in PA, this has been generally well tolerated to date with no
DLTs to this point. And in this trial, all of the patients who have completed so far have chosen to continue on for
treatment in the open label extension trial.

In terms of the primary outcomes of the safety that we're looking at. We've had no deaths or discontinuations due
to safety related reasons. We did have one discontinuation due to site closure, though. We haven't had any DLTs
and only one serious AE which was an event of body temperature increase, patient continued on treatment and it
resolved. Drug related adverse events have mostly been mild and moderate. And again, importantly, less than 5%
dose – 221 – 223 doses that have been administered as of this data cut were associated with any infusion related
reaction. And the ones that we have seen have generally been mild and easily managed.

Now MMA presents an interesting opportunity for us. And that's that there is potentially a biomarker that we can
use here as a surrogate for those clinical outcomes, and that's methylmalonic acid, one of the molecules that
builds up in this pathway when you have this disease. Now, this is not a clinically validated biomarker yet. But
what we find is that changes in concentrations of methylmalonic acid generally correlate with disease severity,
and the natural history data suggests the changes there also may be associated with clinical events. So what do
we see in our trials with this? Well, we see exactly what I think you would hope to see with the little bits of data
that we're collecting at this point.

Now, on the right side, you're looking at methylmalonic acid. On the left side, another potential biomarker of 2-
methylcitrate here. And each of those columns represents one of the cohorts starting at our lowest dose, moving
up to 0.4 milligram, which again is the kind of earliest doses where we would think we might see some signs of
meaningful efficacy. And what you're seeing there is as you go up in the doses, a dose-dependent decrease in
that biomarker of methylmalonic acid on the left side, and we're starting to see clues with 2-methylcitrate there as
well. So, more to come on that. But we're excited that we potentially have a surrogate there as well.

Now you'll notice that I didn't include the Cohort 4 patients in there. Again, we've only enrolled two patients there
so far and as of this data cut, they'd only received a handful of doses and we only have a handful of data points.
We haven't seen a decrease yet in methylmalonic acid levels for them, but we'll continue to follow that and
continue to enroll patients.

Now our clinical endpoint of the MDEs just like in propionic acidemia, we're following those and we don't have
quite as much data here yet, we'll continue to follow this. But what you'll see is just kind of like what we showed in
propionic acidemia last year. The early data there shows exactly what we would hope, which is that when you get
up into those doses that we think would be efficacious, we're not seeing so far MDEs in the patients who are on
treatment. So that's really exciting for us as well.

So in summary, we're building our experience with this drug. We're up to over 10.5 patient years now. It's
generally been well tolerated, just like in PA, as you would expect. And as Kyle talked about, we are building our
overall experience with our LNP here. There's encouraging initial pharmacologic data as well as clinical data and
we'll continue to follow that. And from here, we need to continue to enroll those last cohorts, choose a dose and
then move on quickly from there to getting this drug to patients who I believe will benefit from it.

Now briefly touch on PKU as well. So we're very excited to get our Safe to Proceed letter. So we're going to be
kicking off that trial soon. Now, PKU is a rare inherited metabolic disease, another inborn error of metabolism that


                                                                                                                   24
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

has to do with protein – protein metabolism, in this case phenylalanine. This has analogous problems to the other
inborn errors of metabolism that we've been talking about. So you get developmental delay, brain damage and
while there are a couple of treatments available – medical treatments available for this, they're not perfect. And
there's still a huge unmet medical need in PKU and a need for better drugs here.

So we're hoping that our mRNA therapy will be able to meet that need. The other thing that you'll notice about
this, in that target population, some of these diseases you're talking about a few thousand patients worldwide
potentially, PKU is on a little bit of a different scale. You're talking about potentially 40,000 patients worldwide. So
again, many more patients, huge unmet medical need there. We're going to be very excited to get into that
population, again same approach to treating these patients. Use our mRNA to encode for the enzyme that would
– that's abnormal in these patients. So stay tuned for more data coming out on our PA and MMA programs and
the first emerging data in PAH in the near future.

So thank you very much for the opportunity to tell you about these three programs.

And with that, I will hand it over to Arpa.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Arpa Garay
Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you.

So from a commercial perspective, rare diseases is pretty much the exact opposite of all of the vaccines world
from a commercial perspective that we've been in, but we see this as a really exciting commercial opportunity.
First and foremost, there's a really, really high unmet need, as Geoff just described. Oftentimes in these diseases,
there's no option at all for these children as well as for their families. We also see very high levels of diagnosis,
either through newborn screenings or just early symptomatic events. And because these are lifesaving therapies,
for the most part, you see very high compliance rates. You've got very motivated patients and very motivated
caregivers and very motivated healthcare providers.

From an overall perspective, from a metabolic rare disease perspective we think the market could be as large as
$10 billion across several different companies studying rare diseases. But importantly, in the programs that Geoff
just talked us through, we see quite a variability. Now, these are just US numbers. So the numbers are actually
larger as you look globally. But in some of the different disease areas, you see very small concentrated
populations. In others such as PKU, we see that growing quite significantly around the world. Now while the
populations are concentrated, what we also see is also concentrated based on countries as well. So many of
these rare diseases are just specific to a handful of countries that are driving the majority of the disease.

So from a commercial perspective, it is a very targeted commercial play in terms of what countries do we operate
in with our rare disease programs, and then how do we think about this very narrow sort of prescribing base and
academic hospitals, but also very narrow patient communities, right? You've got a lot of advocacy groups in rare
diseases that are very willing to partner with companies like ours to make sure that their patients are aware of
different therapies and that they're able to get access to them in the best possible way.

Beyond sort of the very concentrated base because the rare disease portfolio has such high unmet need, what we
see generally is higher value assigning to rare disease products. So higher pricing in general across countries.
Like I mentioned, it's typically an easier way to identify patients than most other therapy areas, just given the high
burden of disease in small numbers. And then also from a regulatory perspective, as both Kyle and Geoff had
mentioned, we do see benefits from a regulatory perspective given the high burden of disease and unmet need.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              25
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

So from a rare disease perspective, we're really excited about the commercial opportunity. Obviously, we treat
rare diseases very, very differently from our vaccines portfolio, but we think it's a very exciting opportunity for us to
make a difference, but also do it in a very lean and efficient way across our different metabolic diseases.

So with that, I'm going to ask Kyle to take us through oncology.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you, Arpa.

Okay. Last but not least, one of my favorite topics to talk about is our oncology pipeline. As a medical oncologist, I
just couldn't be more thrilled with our pipeline and the potential that this pipeline has to really make a meaningful
impact on patients. So let's walk through it together very quickly. Again, we leverage the platforms. And what's
really, really exciting about INT is that I can't think of another example where you bring to a regulator a billion
patients of a safety database with your LNP. Thanks to the work that our ID colleagues have done, we have
dosed over a billion patients with our COVID vaccine. This is the same LNP that we're using for INT and it's
remarkable. I don't think there'll ever be an oncology drug with that type of safety information, so I'm super excited
about the way we can leverage that information for INT.

We also have specific T cell responses for our oncology pipeline. So what I mean by that is we're not a common
IO agent with INT. We have directed T cells to the neoantigens that are unique to the cancer. So we're telling the
T cells where to go, unlike sort of a general broad immune activation, which is typically what you see with other IO
agents, we have a specific direction for the T cells to go and attack the cancer itself. And this is important
because it really changes the therapeutic index of our product. By targeting the cancer cell and not having the
same effect systemically, then you can see a much greater efficacy with a much – a more tolerable safety profile.
And this is very evident when we start talking to you about INT and the safety data from INT. We have flulike side
effects with INT.

When you think about chemotherapy in general for cancer, who like side effects, it's not something that you talk to
patients about. It's hair loss, it's nausea, it's fatigue, it's diarrhea. It's horrible, horrible side effects of
chemotherapy. And with IO agents you have again, autoimmune reactions, which can be pretty debilitating.

So coming out with a drug for cancer that has a couple of days of flu type symptoms is pretty remarkable. And
that goes along with the self-limited and low grade safety profile and not just for INT, but we have similar self-
limiting and low grade profile with our other agents, our checkpoint vaccine, as well as our Triplet therapy.

So this is a snapshot of our oncology programs. Of course, Michelle Brown, the Program Lead for INT will come
up and do a deep dive on the data for INT. I'll talk to you a little bit about what's happening with our Triplet
program, as well as our checkpoint vaccine.

So I'll start with our Triplet program. Our Triplet program is a combination of three mRNAs. One mRNA targeting
OX40, another IL-23 and the third IL-36. We inject the mRNA directly into the tumor and we do this to activate the
immune system locally and create that immune activation that can have a direct effect on the tumor. Now, you
might think this may only be a local effect on the tumor, but what happens when you have this hyper activation of
your immune system as they learn the T cells learn from that – that injection and from attacking that cancer, and
they can then go systemically and find other tumors. And what we call this is an abscopal effect of the local
treatment injection. And we've already observed some abscopal effects in our clinical trial.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              26
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                         Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023

This is a schematic of our study. So we start out with a combination of mRNA-2752 plus durvalumab. We
escalated in a variety of different solid tumors and lymphomas. After confirming the dose, we've now expanded
into checkpoint refractory melanoma. We're currently enrolling in that dose expansion.

We also have a very interesting study that's ongoing by a physician named Dr. Laura Esserman. She is a surgeon
– a very famous breast cancer surgeon who started the I-SPY trial. So many of you may be familiar with her. She
has been working with us specifically on a trial, looking at a women with DCIS and injecting our Triplet therapy
into the tumor. What we hope to see with this trial is an effect on the tumor significant enough to reduce the need
for women to undergo mastectomies from DCIS. And I believe this is a very high unmet need. In fact, relatives
and people that we work with at Moderna are significantly affected by the fact that they have to undergo
mastectomies for something that is a local problem. And I think we can help solve this problem with the
administration of Triplet therapy. We hope to release data in an upcoming scientific meeting, hopefully later this
year. And Dr. Esserman will be presenting her data at that meeting.

The next program I'd like to talk to you briefly about is our checkpoint vaccine. This works a little bit differently
than the checkpoint antibodies that all of us are familiar with. So the checkpoint vaccine is designed to activate T
cells against two antigens, the PD-L1 as well as IDO. IDO and PD-L1 are very important, as we all know in [ph] a
mutant (02:06:29) regulation. But it works differently than the antibodies because it activates T cells and it directs
T cells to any cell that's expressing these antigens. And so that means not only can it have a direct effect on the
tumor but the T cells can also help decrease the Tregs which express IDO and PD-L1. So by decreasing the
Tregs, we can lift that immune suppression that happens with Treg cells.

So not only do we see direct tumor killing from the T cells, but we can see heightened immune activation. And so
with this checkpoint vaccine, we think we can have amplified effect on the tumor particularly if we administer the
checkpoint vaccine in combination with some of the checkpoint antibodies. And we're doing that right now as part
of our Phase 1 trial. So we started with monotherapy and we dose escalated the vaccine as monotherapy. We
then moved on to a combination therapy with pembrolizumab and our checkpoint vaccine and then later on we
hope to open an expansion cohort in both melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer. Both of these populations
will be in checkpoint refractory disease.

Okay. And with that I'll turn things over to Dr. Michelle Brown, who will – oh, not quite yet. I've got a couple more
slides. Thanks.

So let's talk – before I get to Michelle, let's talk a little bit more about INT. So as we all know, there are many,
many different types of tumors that are currently targeted by IO agents. There are over 20 different tumors across
the different labels of the IO agents that have shown efficacy – or IO agents have shown efficacy. And this is just
an example of some of them.

Even though IO agents have been remarkable, and in fact, revolutionary in oncology, there's still really high unmet
need. So if you look across all these different indications, you can see that you typically have fairly low response
rates and in fact the cure rates are almost non-existent. So we think we can do better. And that's what INT is
designed to do, to do better than what the standard IO agents can deliver. But what's interesting about INT is we
don't necessarily need to know what tumor it is that we're treating because the way INT is created, and Michelle
will go into this in more detail, as we look at the tumor mutation pattern, we build our vaccine based on the
neoantigens that are predicted to have an immune response.

And so what's most important in that process is understanding the DNA mutation patterns of that particular tumor.
Every single cancer has a mutation and a series of mutations, and we can develop our vaccine based on that


                                                                                                                   27
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

mutation pattern, no matter what cancer it is. So, quite frankly, the world is our oyster in terms of the cancers that
we think we can have benefit in.

And so then how do you develop a playbook and where to go first? Well, this is an example of the cancer
treatment spectrum all the way from a healthy individual until late-stage disease. And what we currently are
working on is the immediate adjacencies to where we've shown randomized clinical proof-of-concept, and that is
in the adjuvant melanoma space. Now, melanoma is a very responsive tumor type 2 IO agents. And so if you look
at other tumor types that tend to be responsive to IO agents and you look at the adjuvant space, that's the
obvious next place to go. And we've announced that we're moving forward with the non-small cell lung cancer
study. But outside of the adjuvant space, I'm even more excited about the space before you get to adjuvant
therapy. There's a whole world of opportunity where patients are getting screening tests now to understand their
DNA methylation and circulating tumor DNA levels.

And if you can screen people very, very early with ctDNA, you could potentially capture those patients and give
them a vaccination based on INT before they're even diagnosed with cancer, which would be pretty incredible.
Not only that, but you can look at early cancer management. So there's a lot of cancers right now that are
followed with a watch and wait approach. I'll give you some examples of CLL as watch and wait, prostate cancer
oftentimes is the watch and wait approach. We might be able to target these cancers as well with an INT type
therapy. And the reason why we can do this, because we have a vaccine like tolerability. If you're offering a watch
and wait approach to someone and the other option is, well, I can give you toxic chemotherapy, I think most
patients would say, I don't want toxic chemotherapy, but if you give them the opportunity to get a vaccine, I think
the conversation might be very different. So that's the earlier stage of disease. Of course, I'm also excited about
later stages of diseases, in particular the surveillance. So as you know, there are multiple ctDNA assays currently
on the market looking at surveillance after tumor resection, particular for colorectal cancer. We might be able to
take a patient very early on in recurrence through the ctDNA and understand how we can vaccinate at that stage.

And then at the end, I think, look, a lot of people don't believe that vaccines can have much efficacy in bulky
disease. But I think we're here to prove them wrong. Let's see whether or not we can find a way that INT can help
patients with end stage disease, too. So all of these pieces on the cancer journey are up for debate right now for
both Moderna and our partners in the space, Merck.

Okay. With that, I'll move things over to Michelle and she'll review some of the recent data.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Michelle Brown
Vice President, Portfolio Leadership, INT Therapeutics and Oncology, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you, Kyle. And I'm going to apologize as we're going to go into some deep data to show why we have so
much exuberance around our individualized neoantigen therapy program. And like Kyle being someone who has
been involved in the field of our oncology for my professional career and seeing the impact of cancer on patients
and their families, I think we all, at Moderna share that exuberance for the potential of INT and I think that it is my
pleasure to walk you through the exceptional journey we've been through for the past year and how we plan on
bringing this novel mRNA-based, completely individualized treatment to oncology patients.

So INT has many names. Right now it's referred to as mRNA-4157, V940 or INT. And it really sits at the
advancement of our understanding of immunology and cancer biology, and at its core is a beautiful interface of
technological, digital and biological innovation. And this all starts with the patient. And I know that the mechanism
has been described in the past, but I do think it's worth spending a little bit of time on it, because it is what sets it
apart from previous treatment approaches and is also the foundation of the clinical benefit we're observing and
why we think we can aspire to what we're doing. So, in the clinic, patients have their blood samples and their


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              28
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                        Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                 13-Sep-2023

tumors biopsied so that we can perform next-generation sequencing. This next-generation sequencing allows us
to identify thousands of tumor specific mutations. Those are then fed in to an automated proprietary bioinformatics
algorithm, which assesses these mutations on a number of fronts.

The first is looking at potential expression or protein folding. Another is looking at similarity to self. And then a
third sort of milieu is thinking about how that mutation would stimulate a T-cell response. And taking into account
all of those factors and looking across all these mutations. The algorithm produces up to 34 tumor specific
mutations. Now, we call these neo-antigens that are predicted to train a patient's immune system to better identify
tumor cells and then mount an anti-tumor response. Once we have those 34 neo-antigens identified, the
information is seamlessly sent to our manufacturing facility where it is encoded upon a single mRNA strand lipid
encapsulated similar to what we see with our infectious disease portfolio and then shipped to sites for
administration. Importantly, this entire process, which took me about 5 minutes to describe, happens with high
efficiency and can be achieved within about six weeks.

Now, similar to the other assets that we've spoken about today, what we see is that the single MRNA strand that
is now completely personalized enters into the cell and is indigenously translated. And what is released is now
these 34 neoantigens. They enter into the normal processing for antigen presentation and expression to stimulate
T cells. So this is a known mechanism, but is the very distinct way to stimulate T cell responses. And not only is
that unique for INT, but the way we're using this mechanism is also very unique. Because INT is truly targeting
neoantigens. And neoantigens are patient specific, just like a fingerprint. And that is amazingly challenging to do
without the advancements we've had. So previous approaches when they tried to target this type of approach
have used tumor associated antigens. And tumor associated antigens are look like normal cells, but they're just
manipulated by the tumor. So they're very generic. And studies using these TAA approaches have largely not
yielded clinical benefit. And we think that the MRNA technology, our ability to really personalize the neoantigens
that are being selected and tailor that to the antigen presenting machinery of a unique patient is going to
overcome the shortcomings of previous approaches and show us a clinical benefit for patients. And indeed, that's
what we saw in our randomized Phase 2 study.

So this study, in collaboration with Merck, enrolled high-risk resected stage 3 melanoma patients and assigned
them to treatment with INT or pembrolizumab, also called KEYTRUDA or Pembro or pembrolizumab alone. And
the reason we selected Pembro is because this is standard of care for adjuvant melanoma. So, this is what
patients would normally receive out in the clinic and similar to LANDMARK adjuvant melanoma studies we
designed the study with a primary endpoint of recurrent free survival with the secondary endpoint of the distant
metastasis-free survival and DMFS was prespecified to be tested if our primary endpoint of RFS was positive. In
addition, we're following these patients for an extended period of time to understand the durability of the treatment
effect and also look at overall survival.

The study is designed with traditional Phase 2 statistics, so it does have an 80% power and a one-sided alpha.
However, because of the transformative potential for the technology, we designed a very aggressive hazard ratio
of 0.5. And importantly, the primary analysis was pre-specified to occur after a minimum of 40 events were
observed and a year follow-up. And we had that happen last year in November. The data from that primary
analysis has been presented in a number of forums this year and has really been the foundation of our excitement
and our enthusiasm for this approach.

So what I'm going to walk you through is the primary endpoint of recurrence-free survival. This is a Kaplan-Meier
curve And what you see is essentially the follow up and the recurrence events that happened on the study. The
red line is the INT pembro combination arm. The great line is the pembro control arm. And what you see based off
the 0.56 hazard ratio is that patients that were treated in the INT combination had a 44% chance of risk – sorry, a


                                                                                                                 29
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                    Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                         Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023

reduced risk of recurrence for death. And when we look at sort of landmark timing, what you see at the 18 month
mark is a delta of about 16%. And that's really important because when Pembroke was first approved, it was
compared to placebo. So nothing. And it actually showed a 16% delta as the foundation of its approval.

And importantly, what you see in the spray arm as well is that the pembro arm here performed like it did in its
historical KEYNOTE-054 study. So although this is a small trial, it gives us much more confidence in the treatment
effect we're observing in the combination arm. Now, one thing that's been pointed out with this curve is how close
the lines are for the first couple of weeks. And what we see is that would make sense because we have
pembrolizumab in INT is being manufactured. But this is also true because of the mechanism of action. It's going
to take a little bit of time to stimulate our T cells and mounts a robust antitumor effect. But what you would expect
if INT is working is a separation over time. And so what we see here is this separation of the curves would
suggest a T cell effect, a durability of response that is maintained for disease control, well after patients are done
with their treatment. And this theme is very similar to what we saw with our secondary endpoint of distant
metastasis-free survival.

So here, very similar to the RFS, we see a clinically meaningful benefit for patients on the combination arm again
displayed in red compared to the pembro arm displayed in gray. So, in this situation, when we're looking at distant
events, we see that those treated in the combination had a reduced risk of recurrence by over 65%. And notably,
when we look again at landmark analysis, what we see is that over 90% of patients treated with the [indiscernible]
(02:22:17) were free from distance events or death. So again, supporting this profound ability to impact clinical
outcomes for patients. In addition, you also see that there's not a lot of events happening in the very beginning.
But again, we see the separation of the curves suggesting that INT really does induce a durability to control the
distant disease over time. And this has potential to really positively impact patients because those that have
distance events tend to have increased morbidity and mortality.

So, again what we believe here is what you're seeing is clinically meaningful outcomes for patients. In addition, to
benefit we're seeing off of the efficacy outcome, we did thoroughly look at the safety and tolerability and this was
a busy slide. And the key theme here is that when we put INT on top of pembrolizumab, the combination doesn't
necessarily change the safety profile compared to pembro alone. So, the majority of our patients had grade 1 or 2
adverse events. There was very few increased grade 3 or more serious adverse events. And when we
characterize the types of adverse events patients are having, it's very similar to what has been described across
our mRNA platform. So again, as Kyle alluded to, flu-like symptoms, infusions-like reactions, very low grade self-
resolving, clinically manageable with standard of care, and importantly, these decrease with repeat dosing. So
overall, very well-tolerated compared to the known agents for oncology. When we think about pembro, if you look
at the two columns, essentially what we see is that pembro behaves similarly in both arms. And it behaves
similarly to what would be expected across its indications.

Further, when we think about immuneo-oncology agents as a whole, we think about their immune mediated
adverse events. And what we saw was the addition of INT on top of pembro did not change the nature of the
immune mediated adverse events. And this is really important, because generally when you combine two
immuno-stimulatory agents, you see an increased frequency and an increased severity of the items and these
have clinically meaningful impact, because they require hospitalization or long-term steroids or long-term sort of
disease management. And so we're not seeing that with the combination. In addition, it also speaks to the fact
that INT in pembro have distinct mechanisms of action.

So those are the Phase 2 data that really made us very excited for the potential for INT. In addition, this really is
the first randomized study to show a clinically meaningful improvement for this In addition, this really is the first
randomized study to show a clinically meaningful improvement for this type of individualized cancer therapy.


                                                                                                                   30
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                         Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                  13-Sep-2023

Further, it shows the sort of potential benefit that we can bring to patients with a high-unmet need in a well-
tolerated form. And lastly, it's these two factors that allowed us to receive breakthrough therapy designation by the
FDA and prime designation by the EMA.

So, the question becomes we have this data, where do we go from here. So, first and foremost, has been alluded
or a learning organization. So we'll continue to follow these patients, we'll continue to develop data. And we'll
continue to learn. So we do have additional analysis, as has been announced, that will follow the patients for an
extra year, so we can assess the long-term durability of the responses.

In addition, we'll do additional translational assessments and immunologic assessments to learn more about the
true mechanism of action of INT. In addition, we are continuing to have discussions with health authorities. And
these discussions involve teaching them about INT, learning how they view this novel modality, and then also
soliciting their feedback for how to develop this new paradigm. Because as we've heard, our mission and our
belief based off the data you're seeing, is that we have an obligation to develop INT as expeditiously as possible
to positively impact patients with high unmet need. And for those reasons, we are truly pursuing accelerated
opportunities.

Now a large step forward has been the initiation of the Phase 3 study that achieved first patient first visit in July
and we keep hearing about speed. But if you actually think about it, our top line data came out in December and
we have our first Phase 3 in July seven months from proof-of-concept to Phase 3 initiation, which generally does
not happen in oncology. So, we're truly developing this agent in an expeditious fashion. In addition, the study is
building upon the learnings of the Phase 2 study. So, V90-001 in collaboration with Merck is a robust Phase 3
trial. It is double-blind, it's placebo-controlled, and it seeks to enroll about 1,100 patients and it has the same
endpoints as what we've just walked through with the Phase 2 trial. In addition, the study has an expanded patient
population so that more patients are able to receive INT. And so here we're including stage 2b 2c, 3s and 4s.

Now, the initiation of the study is important for Moderna and the INT team because it represents the first Phase 3
trial for an individualized neoantigen approach. It represents the first Phase 3 study for Moderna Oncology, but it
also shows that Moderna has built an infrastructure that's actually capable of delivering a completely
individualized therapy to patients across the globe. So, this is truly a profound moment for us on the INT.

Now, in addition to expanding our global footprint, we are also expanding our development strategy beyond
melanoma. And as Stephen said, we have to look forward or backwards to look forwards. So we have announced
we are planning a trial in non-small cell. And the reason for pursuing non-small cell lung cancer is both from a
biologic level, but also embedded in our P101 study results. So P101 was a traditional first in human dose
escalation study of INT as a monotherapy and in combination with pembro. And the goal of this study was to
assess mechanism of action, characterize primary safety, and look at preliminary efficacy signals. And not
surprisingly, the first types of patients that could enroll were those that were I-O sensitive patients.

What you're seeing here is a swimmer's plot from our cohort A. So this was the group of adjuvant patients who
received INT monotherapy throughout dose escalation. And the swimmer's plot represents the patient journey
over time at their relapse events. And if you do a quick tally of the non-small cell lung cancer patients on the Y
axis, you'll come out to 11. And what you'll notice is that these 11 had relatively early non-small cell lung cancer.

Now, historically, about one in five of these types of non-small cell lung cancer patients will have a recurrence
event in about two years. Again, if you look at the swimmer's plot, what we saw is that zero of our 11 developed a
recurrence event while on treatment or throughout their entirety of their study. And what this suggested to us was
that INT may actually have a role for patients with non-small cell lung cancer.


                                                                                                                   31
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                          Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023


In addition, if we delve into what's happening in one of these adjuvant non-small cell patients, we looked at their T
cell profile. And what you see here is a graph that depicts T cell responses in that patient. On the X axis in front
neoantigens in their INT, and what's replica – what seen with the red bars is that we have T cell responses across
the litany of neoantigen pools. And if you look at the grey to the red bars, what we see is a three-fold induction of
T cell responses. So what that means is that INT was able to induce robust T cell responses and potentially
clinical activity in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. And this is important because non-small cell cancer
remains an area of high unmet need. And that as you hear that's a continual theme for Moderna, right. We're
trying to transform and generate medicines for patients that have high unmet need.

So non-small cell cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer worldwide. About 50% of patients are
diagnosed with early stage disease, and those numbers are expected to increase over time with the advent of
additional screening techniques. Now, generally, a lot of people say that these patients tend to have good
outcome. But if you really look at their five year overall survival rates, what we see is that those with very early
disease, one in three of those patients will not be standing here after five years.

And if we look at those with Stage 3 disease, only one out of 10 will still be alive after five years. So we have room
to improve and we can do better. We believe with INT. In addition, if you think about the biology, we believe that
non-small cell is a biological adjacency to melanoma. It's an immune sensitive tumor. It has high tumor mutational
load. It has an inflamed tumor micro environment and it basically says here is a [indiscernible] (02:33:33) could
respond well to a neo-antigen based therapy. So, you take that in conjunction with the results from our Phase 1
study. And it's not surprising that we plan on having our adjuvant Phase 3 non-small cell studies starting this year.
And importantly, again, this represents two Phase 3 studies within less than a year from our proof of concept.

So, in summary, we've had quite the journey for INT. So encouraged by the Phase 2 study. We have proof of
concept for mRNA technology and the impact of an individualized therapy to positively change care for oncology
patients. And so it's not surprising that we have a very bold development strategy and it's not surprising that we're
very excited based off of the mechanism of action and the clinical benefit we're seeing. And because of that, we
plan on doing a lot of different things with this therapy, as Kyle alluded to.

So, the first is to start exploring tumors that have established IO sensitivity and we've talked through that with non-
small cell and the rationale with melanoma. But we're also looking at other tumor types that have the same type of
biologic features. So, high tumor mutational burdens, high inflammation scores, and these tumor types if you look
at them and think about them, these are what's normally the litany of checkpoint approved indications. And so
we're looking at those and those tumors would include things like cSCC or RCC.

In addition, we know that oncology is a very fast moving field and we're watching the treatment landscape shift
from adjuvant settings to early reliance. And so we are looking at tumor types that have perioperative approaches
coming into play. And those tumor types would be reflected as non-small cell lung cancer or gastric. But we're not
going to end with just those that tend to be IO sensitive. We are because of the unique mechanism of action also
anticipating evaluating the potential of INT and those tumor types that had been historically challenging for
immuno-therapy agents. And so that's why you see PDAC listed here.

So, in summary what I can say is that it's been a great journey for the past year, we're very proud of
accomplishments with INT. We're very excited for the future of this program and the impact it can have in patients
and across Moderna, we're dedicated to bringing that mRNA platform and mRNA technology to generate
transformative medicines. So thank you for your time.




                                                                                                                       32
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                     Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

And with that, I'll hand this over to Jamey to talk through the franchise.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

James M. Mock
Chief Financial Officer, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you, Michelle. Thanks, everybody, for joining either live in-person or sticking it out on our webcast. I'd like
to cover three things today. The first is the benefit of our platform, how we actually use that to run the business
and then how it manifests itself into financial benefits into each one of these franchises. The second thing is we
have a large investment profile, particularly in R&D over the next five years, which I'll share with you, and then I'll
share what the return on investment looks like from a revenue standpoint. And then third, while I have you I
thought I'd talk about the shorter term in 2023 in our COVID business as well.

So get started here. So as you all know and heard of today, we are a platform company. And so what does that
mean? Financially, that brings a lot of the synergies. And it brings synergies in terms of how we run the company
for every single function. And I'd laid out three, but it touches all the back office functions as well. And then it
shows up in financial benefits, which I'll touch on and then I'll show you how they translate into each of our
franchises. So our research, Stephen talked about it a little bit, but we operate at the intersection of the
technology capabilities that we've established, what we call modalities, and then we run that across all areas of
biology. And so as we de-risk the modality, we then apply that to many different therapeutic areas, which is why
what you see today is that we believe we have four different franchises.

In development we talk about rapid and iterative development and I think Jackie and Raff did a great job today
explaining that. So we talk about rapid development. Jackie laid out for COVID, RSV and flu from the start of
Phase 1 to the end of Phase 3 that took us 1 to 2.5 years, or 2 years on average. In terms of iterative
development, Raff talked about what we did with flu. Just at vaccines day, from vaccines day till now, the
improvements we've made, which I guess is four months. And so that iterative development allows us to develop
terrific – a terrific pipeline.

And then we've built an incredible clinical trial structure both internally and externally with our partners. And we've
learned from it every single time we run a trial through it to become more efficient from a cost standpoint or to
actually enroll faster, so that we can bring our pipeline to market faster.

And then commercially Arpa talked about it, particularly in our respiratory business, we call on the same customer
base, we built a respiratory sales force across the globe. And this all manifested itself into three large areas,
greater sales, lower cost of goods sold, better capital efficiency, and then better R&D efficiency as well, which I'll
touch on in a couple of pages.

So we take those three things and say, okay, well, how do they manifest themselves in each of our franchises
from a financial synergy perspective. So starting with sales, as I've talked about before, we are trying to build
large recurring revenue streams. And we've talked about the respiratory franchise, how there's over $500 million
vaccinations across the globe in flu right now and the United States over $150 million. And as we develop our
portfolio across all three different vaccines and then add combinations, we're hoping to expand that $500 million,
because of the value that it brings, and as we also look at it from a growth story perspective, population is
growing, and the older adult percent of the overall population is growing at a faster pace as well. And Rare is
another example, as our patients live longer on our therapies that becomes a recurring revenue stream, and the
more successful we are, the more patients we will able to treat, so we become – we do think that becomes a
larger recurring revenue stream as well.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              33
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                           Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                     13-Sep-2023

When we talk about manufacturing, you can see three of these franchises use the same manufacturing footprint.
And I think Stéphane might have mentioned that earlier today. The only one that doesn't is oncology, because we
miniaturize to individualize our therapy or mRNA. And so that leads to overall better efficiency in terms of cost of
goods sold, also, capital efficiency, because we have to invest less with more franchises using the same
infrastructure. And then further on optimize manufacturing as we come out with our combination vaccines that will
reduce the highest cost of our cost of goods sold, which is the drug product filling stuff. If we can take out one or
two of those steps, that's a significant improvement in terms of our cost of goods sold and our overall margin rate.

And then in terms of R&D investment, we talk about getting through the first Phase 3s, as soon as that's a
significant hurdle for anyone and as soon as we get through those, you actually have a growing franchise with
less R&D, and I'll talk about that a little bit more. But this is the most important part in terms of R&D efficiency. It's
our high probability of success. And if you look at this page, we're comparing ourselves to industry standard, and
the higher probability of success means that we should invest more R&D dollars in it because it will actually come
to fruition. If you look at Phase 1 versus the industry we are 2x, if you look at Phase 2 versus the industry, we are
3x. And then if you look at overall Phase 3, we're actually on par. But those two events that did not happen were
P301 and P302 and flu, so all three of our programs actually came to fruition out of Phase 3; flu, RSV and COVID.
So we believe that the higher our POS is, that's what gives us confidence to invest more dollars into R&D and
actually believe that it's in a very efficient manner. So we want to invest organically to grow this business for a
long period of time. And to do so, we're going to invest $25 billion over the next five years. And so there's a few
points I'd make on this.

Number one, that's obviously on average about $5 billion a year, which is not too dissimilar than what we're
spending in 2023. So – and we believe that we've kind of achieved the scale of our R&D organization to actually
fulfill our ambition. Number two, you can see the in-spend drivers. So I mentioned this at vaccines day,
respiratory, I said at the time we have to invest another $6 billion to $8 billion or on average about $2.5 billion a
year. And you'll see that continues in 2024 and 2025. But then it goes down by 2027 to be 10% of our overall
revenue. That's what we said is the kind of routine maintenance portion of our R&D investment for our respiratory
franchise. And then you'll see latent and oncology start to pick up over time and those franchises we will invest
more in.

And then underneath all of this is what our research in the platform and Stephen talked a little bit about it today
and it doesn't get enough airtime, but it makes up about 10% to 15% of our investment and includes our
collaborations, much like we just announced with Immatics earlier this week. And that 15% – 10% to 15% of the
overall R&D spend advances the science, advances the technology, it increases our pipeline. And when we say
we're going to come out with 15 new products or when we say we're going to come out with 15 new products and
50 new pipeline candidates in the next five years, that's where this money goes to as to that help improve that.

Last couple things I mentioned on the right hand side of this page, it is quite diversifying. I already gave you how
much research will be if it's 10% to 15% of this overall number and I gave you basically what respiratory will be,
so that leaves the other three that are basically the rest of that 50%, roughly 50% of the spend.

And the last thing I do, let's say is, we will always and we have always monitored our capital and the strength of
our business. And our core underlying business right now is only COVID. In a couple of years, it'll be flu, RSV and
combinations, but we always monitor that. And we have a high ability to flex the spending. So right now our base
plan is $25 billion to invest organically to grow our company. We think it's the right thing to do to bring 15 new
products to market, not just from a revenue standpoint, but also for our patients. And that's what we plan to do.
But it can be flexed up or down based upon the success of the underlying business.




                                                                                                                      34
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                       Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

And the return on this we think is substantial. So we already laid out a Vaccines Day, the respiratory business by
2027 will be $8 billion to $15 billion in revenue. And essentially these 15 new products ex the ones that are in the
respiratory column will almost double that are worth another $10 billion to $15 billion as well. And we can talk
about that a little bit more, but we think we're building a $20 billion to $30 billion top line company that actually just
on what we've established today. But the additional pipeline will come and we will have other franchises that we
add to this.

So while I have you, I thought I'd just touch quickly on 2023, and talk about the COVID product line. And I use the
word line, because it's not a business. We have an overall business that we're investing in across all four of these
franchises. But I think we want to make sure everybody knows it's just a product line. And we are hard at work
focused on making it a profitable and sustainable product line. So in 2023, we still feel confident into the $6 to $8
billion of revenue. Highly dependent upon the US vaccination rates are being talked through what we're doing in
terms of education all across the system. We also mentioned that our supply chain teams are hard at work and
we are already shipping millions of doses. So a quick shout out to them.

And then on the right hand side of this page, we recognize that our cost of goods sold in 2023 was elevated $3.5
billion to $4 billion, and there is a couple of reasons for that, that I think will improve in that's important as for you
to understand, as we believe, we will expedite our way to this 75% to 80%. Number one, as we transition from a
pandemic to an endemic market, it was a difficult exercise to understand what that volume will be. And based
upon our current estimates of what we think that volume will be, we probably overproduced a little bit too much
this year, which is why we have excessive unutilized capacity and excessive materials. And that will come down.

The second thing is, over the last few years, we've built for a pandemic environment, and that also means that we
have too much of a manufacturing footprint. And we are hard at work resizing that right now as we speak to try to
get that right-sized for the next couple of years, so that you should see that cost of good line come down. But
those are the two reasons and what we're working on right now. So what I will just end on is COVID is a very
valuable product line of business, and will continue to be and we'll make it more profitable. And it helps fund the
$25 billion of R&D. So we have $15 billion of cash at the end of the second quarter that we talked about already,
an ex the $5 billion of R&D every single year, this business kicks off cash, and that's what we will continue to
monitor and make it a most sustainable and profitable business as we can.

And after that happens, then we will have four additional terrific franchises that are all sustainable and sizable and
valuable as well. So with that, I will turn it over to Stéphane.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.
Thank you, Jamey. That was electrifying the team of presenters, but also importantly, all the colleagues at
Moderna that have been working relentlessly, some of them for many to make these sign possible, to make those
products possible.

So, just a couple of slides to close. I hope for those presentation and those new data you understand we are so
excited. In our free modalities of which we believe we have clinical data they are working. Honestly, a very strong
foundation for all these companies going. And as Jamey just shared, we believe, as we've said for many years
now, that because [indiscernible] (02:48:06) matters to make all of our products, the probability of technical
success of our drugs is going to be way higher for than industry. And that's going to be really important as we
think about the investments in the business.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              35
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

The team has shared with you the way that we are thinking about the company right now, waiting for more clinical
readouts and things like preliminary and the applications is for product franchise. We're going to keep investing
those for product franchise and will be excited to launch a lot of products in the coming years. The manufacturing
team, the listed development regulatory team and the commercial teams are busy making this a reality. In 2024,
2025, we should launch RSV, Flu mRNA-1010, we should also launch Flu COVID combo 1083 and the next-gen
COVID products, and that's going to be really exciting.

We could also, as we discuss potentially have the next [indiscernible] (02:48:57) INT in that timeframe, and that
would be transformative for patients as well as for the company. And then we look for the next wave, the 2026,
2027, 2028 launches. There's a lot of exciting things happening across the entire pipeline. I won't to go back for
every products. I'm sure we'll have questions in the session to come. But this is a very exciting time for Moderna.
The platform is working. We have the right resources to scale it in terms of broader cash flow generated by
COVID, and as Jamey said we're going to resize it with our manufacturing footprint to get back to the right gross
margin that we should have. And we're going to also invest heavily in research to keep building the platform and
development to bring all those products to market and recycle those R&D dollars. But I think the probability of
technical success is going to – what's going to make this company different from the overall biopharmaceutical
companies.

So with this, I would love to get the team up here, so we'll be happy to answer your questions. [indiscernible]
(02:49:55) Arpa and Jackie.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................



QUESTION AND ANSWER SECTION
Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
All right.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
So I suppose you are there. Yeah.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Geoff Meacham
Analyst, BofA Securities                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Q
Hi, guys. Geoff Meacham, BofA. I've a couple of questions. The first is on the combo with you with COVID and flu.
And as you've derisked the combination, how has your thinking evolved to comp the price? And when you look at
flu, obviously it's pretty well established. It's not a particularly high bar, but you're offering a lot of value with the
COVID piece. But that's sort of a less certain market. So that's the first question.

Second question, on the oncology piece, I think that you guys have a pretty productive platform to go from – go
into Phase 1. How important is it strategically to look at new novel targets in oncology that you could combine? I
feel like the INT the personalized piece of it is pretty straightforward, but the discovery, target discovery is
obviously a pretty big research effort.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Arpa Garay
Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                      A
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              36
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

So I can take the first question on combo pricing. On the way obviously, we're still working through the pricing.
The way we're thinking about it is the value that the combination provides back to the health care system. So it
would not just be priced at flu or at COVID, but really the totality of the COVID and the flu benefit. So it will vary by
market. It will also be taking into consideration the total cost because in some cases based on administration fees
and office visits, the total cost of getting two injections is actually significantly higher than getting one. So we'll be
looking at total and we'll be looking at price for value versus tagging it to a monotherapy.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
And if I could just add piece of that. I think depending on what we get for the flu comparator like if we get Flu
mRNA-1010 and the following product because remember Flu mRNA-1010 is just a first steppingstone to a flu
strategy. But if Flu mRNA-1010 struggles the early data is as strong as [indiscernible] (02:52:19) it has an impact
on pricing versus [indiscernible] (02:52:23) flu vaccine. And as time evolves, as we get more and more data by
adding more [indiscernible] (02:52:28) antigenic, we might also be able for efficacy data to actually to capture
even more value.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
And thanks for the research question. It's scary questions. And Look, I'll be honest. We are a platform company.
So we start with the question what does the platform do? What do we know it's capable of doing biologically? And
then we go out and in some cases find other people who have knowledge about the target biology. So if you look
at the deals that I was talking about before, we're doing T cell vaccines and CAR T-cell vaccines with the same
platform technology that we were talking about in infectious diseases with a couple of companies [indiscernible]
(02:53:05) we think have really terrific cell therapies. So pretty straightforward now, one plus one could actually be
three there. And that's place where we didn't have to work out that Claudin 18.2 biology or the TCRT cell therapy
of [indiscernible] (02:53:19). We actually just look at somebody who is doing as I said, our platform combine with
that could do something really special to the durability of solid tumors sponsors. I'd say this same is true with
Carisma, right. Carisma is going to be an example of company that's work down myeloid cell therapy or in the
clinic with it kind of hard complicated thing to do cell therapy.

But we already know based on what we are doing with the rare disease that we can actually chronically dose
safely even at high level doses we can transact those cells if you want to we can make proteins on them and in
them. And so for us, it's another one of the technologies as we don't need to go become Carisma like experts on
CarMax. We need to go apply the technology that brings them to another level. So that's where we start in many
of our cases. Now, there are examples where we will look at a biology and say, Gosh, nobody's solved that and
the technology can do it. And those are places where you'll see us build more discovery biology in a more
traditional way and getting deep on pathways and targets. But it'll be more the exception than the rule in our
approach. Kyle, I don't know if you want anything there.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
No, I think that's exactly what you said. Like we need to go where the platform can tell us to go. And yes,
oncology is a very complicated field and there's a lot of target discovery happening all over the globe. And so if we
can leverage that information and use our technology to help create a better way to target that specific protein,
then we'll do it. And I think that's the best path forward.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              37
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Geoff Meacham
Analyst, BofA Securities                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Q
Okay. Thanks you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Michael J. Yee
Analyst, Jefferies LLC                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Q
Hey, guys. Michael Yee from Jefferies. Maybe an easier question and then maybe a slightly tougher question.
The easier question is just on flu. I noticed that you said you still sort of need to talk with regulators. What do you
need to get agreement on? When would we know that? And is there absolutely any risk at all that they wouldn't let
you file accelerated on flu? Maybe talk to that and the chronology of when we would know about flu.

And then the tougher question maybe is just, there was obviously a lot of discussion around your confidence in
jabs and vaccines, utilization. Obviously it's very sensitive to the vaccine rates. Under what scenarios do you think
if that didn't come in at where you think that's going to come in this year or even next year that you guys feel right-
sized about your expenses and the growing expenses? This year as a year, where there's supposed to be EPS
negative maybe that gets tougher next year. So under what scenarios do you think about that doesn't really
matter?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
I'll take a first crack at the flu stuff and then ask Jackie to correct me where I get it wrong. But as a general point,
so we're following established regulatory guidance, what we're doing, we've had conversations as we've run
through these Phase 3 studies. But in any study, when you get to an end of a Phase 3 and you've met your end
points, the appropriate next step is to, in the US that have a pre-BLA meeting and other jurisdictions is down, we
say, here's the data, now can we talk about what the package looks like? And that's ultimately the process that
we're engaging in right now. Those are pretty quick conversations that will be going on through the fall and in the
background, you can be rest assure that we're doing the work to prepare everything to file. But until we have that
feedback of how they want to see the package come together, how much follow-up they want to see, even in the
P303 study, we won't have the answer on filing timelines. Rest assured, we're using every minute we can, it get
happen, happens fast as possible. But we have to have those conversations.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
Yeah. Nothing to add, I mean, I think that's a – so we're in the process of having those conversations now, and
we'll know more, I guess when we do.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
Yeah. What's clear is we've met the regulatory guidance for accelerated approval in terms of new [indiscernible]
(02:56:49) 303 study, which was the thing we were looking for.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

James M. Mock
Chief Financial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                       A
Yeah. And to the second question, I think that's exactly what I was trying to articulate earlier, which is we look at
our capital and we look at the strength of every annual business here. And we have scenarios. Our base plan is
$25 billion. Should it not be – should the strength of this core business not achieve what we think is probably


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              38
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

lower than $25 billion? Should it be higher? We actually might invest a little bit more than $25 billion. So, we
definitely look at those plans. And right now we think we feel comfortable that – that's our best guess in terms of
the R&D investment.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Evan Wang
Analyst, Guggenheim Securities LLC                                                                                                                                                                                                         Q
Hey, I'm Evan Wang from Guggenheim. Exciting data in flu, great improvements on B strains. So, I guess, how
are you thinking about this combine with P302 data which I think still had preliminary eight cases, should this
updated formulation translate to improve the efficacy in [indiscernible] (02:57:47) standard flu or hand flu? If not I
guess how you guys think about next steps towards kind of evaluating that at the head trial with either mRNA-
1010 or next-gen program?

And I have a second question on oncology following the data from ACR and ASCO. Have you approached
regulators on kind of what's required for accelerated approval, I guess, both for adjuvant melanoma and to
support approvals in lung cancer and [indiscernible] (02:58:19) candidate? Thanks.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
[indiscernible] (02:58:22) I'll start us out. The first on P303 because we met that the regulatory guidance on
[indiscernible] (02:58:30) for accelerated approval that's the phase 3 that can right now go forward and that's the
basis of our current thinking and strategy for engaging with regulators. P302 as you are, as you know, as we said
today, we didn't accrue enough cases. We would – we've said previously we need probably something like 400
and we didn't get there in that season. The next step in that study logically would enroll a second season. That
would take longer, with P303 in our hands right now , it feels like the accelerate approval path on that is the faster
path to market. But, Jackie, you want to speak to the questions of what we might do alternatively or we'll get you
to follow-up and build on the success of P303.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
So I think as we reported earlier, right, one of the key things in any regulatory submission process is successfully
meeting your endpoints that you pre-specified and P302 was an incredibly successful study for us in terms of
learning. It was not as successful for us in terms of meeting that criterion. We actually did have a positive point
estimate on the overall vaccine efficacy. And you pointed out earlier that really was on the basis of a strong
efficacy of the A strains, and we observe that from an immunogenicity perspective in the P301. Where we fell a bit
short was on meeting the lower bound.

Any time you don't have enough cases you have wider confidence intervals. And the other thing we observed was
that our B efficacy wasn't what we want it to be in the product that we're going to put forward. And so I would say
the other piece of that was deciding to really invest in improving and developing the best possible flu product that
we can bring forward. And so that really is why we did the additional study and why we're going to go with the
accelerated approval. And I'm sure we'll have the opportunity to demonstrate the effectiveness of this vaccine in
the real world kind of moving forward.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
The other part of your question just to hit is you mentioned maybe even being superior in terms of efficacy. Look,
we're – scientifically, we're excited with that. We see really high GMRs here, even in our smaller studies we're


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              39
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

excluding one. So there's a reason for some optimism that those higher titers will translate. We have to go prove
that though. So for now, we're just pursuing the accelerated approval path for the P303 study.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
And in terms of your question about oncology, trust me, we've had lots of discussions with regulators. I can't,
unfortunately, share with you the discussions that we've had with regulators, but we're excited about the data.
We've even heard excitement from regulators about these data. And so it's an ongoing discussion when we're
able to share with you what they've said to us, then we will do so. Trust me.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Salveen Richter
Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC                                                                                                                                                                                                           Q
Salveen Richter of Goldman Sachs. So just a follow up on that last point. I think you've talked about the three-
year data coming by year end for the INT program, but also the interim look that will come at – at, I believe,
[indiscernible] (03:01:26). So, have you – I mean, have you – do you have a sense of what the regulators want to
see from those two data sets or is it the first one kind of gets you to that discussion point.

And then just a broader question, when we think of this oncology vertical where historically you've talked about
how you would really need to unlock a vertical before you fully invest in it and cancer's risky. Talk to us about the
INT work and how that translates to your Triplet as well as the checkpoint vaccine. And then why you are now
starting to do these partnerships that are a bit more peripheral? Thank you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
Sure. So, let me follow up on our question about INT and regulators. So we need to follow our statistical analysis
plan for our randomized Phase 2 trial. So we will be following that plan, waiting for our events, making sure that
we're doing our analyses as written by our protocol and by our statistical analysis plan. And when we have those
data, we hope to share them not only with regulators, but hopefully at upcoming scientific congresses.

The discussions around accelerated approval are complicated. Of course, there's a lot of things besides just data
that I think regulators want to see. They want to make sure that you have a commitment to moving forward with
large randomized Phase 3 trials. They want to make sure that you have robust safety data. And so all of these
things are things that we're trying to pull together to make sure that we've got the best package possible. But in
terms of the criteria that you're asking about, like what are the exact criteria that regulators want to see, I can't
answer that question because those are discussions that we continue to have with our regulators.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
The one thing I'd add though is obviously we have a intermediate goal of filing. But that's not really the objective,
right? The objective is to get the product to market. So even the objective isn't approval, it's to get the product to
market. And so the other piece of the puzzle that we're working on right now that will be a part of any licensure
package is manufacturing, global manufacturing to supply this product to thousands of people – tens of thousands
of people pretty quickly. And so what you see us doing and hopefully we've been consistent about, we do believe
– it's our perspective, we do believe there's a path towards accelerated approval. We do believe that it requires
that the responses continue to deepen and remain durable, right?




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              40
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

The signal has got to get it's been strong, it needs to stay strong, as we follow over time. We believe we've got to
demonstrate the commitment that Kyle mentioned, which is we've got to be in that Phase 3 study, we're in, and
we're enrolling fast. And then we've got to build the infrastructure to provide that product to patients in the real
world, because that's ultimately what gets licensed. It's not a file, it's not a clinical study, it's product. And so these
are the things you see us doing. Can that happen as early as – by 2025? Clearly, we're trying to signal we do
believe that, but we've got work to do across those three things together. I was...
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
And whether that happens, the accelerated approval or not, we're going to have to run the Phase 3 study. So it's
really important that we focus on that Phase 3 study, get patients in that study, and make sure that we have that
fully enrolled and executed. So that's very, very important.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
Yeah. I'm just going to add to Stephen's point on CMC for INT because as you said, getting approval is great but
we want products to reach patients obviously. And so for that, as we saw in – in the Q2 press release, we've been
buying a new site in Marlborough, which is 20 minutes' drive from Norwood, which many of you have visited and
that site is dedicated for INT commercial. So, we're doing the Phase 3 INT out of Norwood. And as you know,
we've been scaling up Norwood pretty drastically because if you go back in time the Phase 2 was 100 patients on
INT, there were 51 on placebo.

The Phase 3 that you saw, 1,000 people for melanoma, 1,000-ish for lung and you can [indiscernible] (03:05:22)
and you already see right there 20x, 30x capacity need. And as the team was saying, we want to enroll those very
quickly, because we believe there is potential benefit for our patients and to get the data. With that CMC we are
moving [indiscernible] (03:05:37) COVID.

So if you look at what the team has done when COVID happened, and the incredible manufacturing scale of that
happened in 2020 that many of you followed very closely. It's actually the same team with same mindset. But
actually, one of the things we said internally, it's a COVID like moment with like, oh jeez, the data is so good on
INT, we cannot have manufacturing with the bottleneck. But today, as we have data mature in Q4, manufacturing
is a bottleneck. And so what we are doing is investing aggressively [indiscernible] (03:06:07) giving us the
resources we need to be able to really scale that new site. And we need that also as Stephen said to
[indiscernible] (03:06:15) manufacturing path of our filing to where – the discussions [indiscernible] (03:06:18) it's
all happening and we're pushing as hard as we can.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
Just one other thing I'll add is, the important part of this is making sure that we have consistency across
endpoints. And so we've shown consistency in RFS, DMFS by tumor inflammatory score, a PD-L1 status, right?
No matter how we look at the data, we see consistency across the data. And I think that gives us more confidence
and certainly will give regulators more confidence.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
We could talk all day about this.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              41
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
Sorry.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
No, I – because I want to say it was globally run, it was randomized. We're seeing this in multiple countries, and
we're following it over time. The short version of it is we've got to get this. We believe this medicine will get to
patients quickly if we do a bunch of things, right? We're focused on getting this done.

You asked then how do we expand in oncology? Again, thank you for that question. Yeah, we're still – so
specifically we've got programs like our intratumoral programs. You mentioned the Triplet, which we've seen
some interesting early data and we're still waiting for that confirmatory proof-of-concept study that absolutely
clear, well-powered signal that like, oh, that's doing something and we have to advance quickly there. So I think in
the other modalities that we have in clinical development right now, we have not yet seen that. Checkpoint is kind
of in between. We know our vaccines generate T cell responses. We have a biology question about those targets
and whether we can demonstrate a benefit in those tumors. And so we're running that study.

And then as you look at the other programs that I mentioned, what we're doing with Carisma in cell therapy, what
we're doing with the T cell and CAR-T booster vaccines and even what we're doing with [indiscernible] (03:07:48),
I think they're all categories that are somewhere in between those two, right? So, places where we're still looking
for proof-of-concept, trying to understand can the platform do a lot there? And what we're doing is partnering in
the biology or in the cases of checkpoint vaccine, advancing ourselves to try on our own and see whether or not
as a proof-of-concept.

And so when we hit one of those, well, those are all in the same therapeutic area, kind of view them all as related,
very adjacent modalities. And if we hit one of those, then of course, we'll be doing a lot more, whether it's in cell
therapy, in vivo cell therapy, supporting CAR-Ts or...
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
Intratumoral.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
...alternatively doing intratumoral work like we're doing in the Triplet. So that's I think just exploration still, still
waiting for the proof-of-concept.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Gena Wang
Analyst, Barclays Capital, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                            Q
Gena Wang from Barclays. I have three questions. The first one is mRNA-1010. Now, you show very impressive
data. I'm wondering, will you be able to share that improved formulation, what is that, If you can share with us.

And second question is regarding the combo vaccine. So, has FDA already aligned with you regarding the
approval path, and what exactly kind of data you need to show?




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              42
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

And lastly is INT non-small cell lung cancer Phase 3 trial design. Can you share with us regarding the target
patient population in terms of the stage of the disease?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
Yeah. Hi, Gena. I'm going to disappoint you because we've had – literally had competitors come up to us
conferences and say, we can't wait for you to tell us how to solve that problem. And so we are not right now
talking about what we've done in just the last 6, 12 months. But as Raffael said, we're really proud of the platform
we built and the ability it allows us to make those quickly changes. What really matters is the proof is in the
pudding, where we were able to demonstrate just looking at B antigens as we think potentially best in class over
time, we'll see. And we're really excited by those titers. It shows we've...
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
Well, the B thing is not the class effect?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
It's not a class effect.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
Not a class effect.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
...science and so we're very excited about as far as we – and that's why as Jackie said a moment ago, we're
rolling that product forward very quickly. Do you want to handle the combo regulatory path?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
Yeah. Well, so the reason why we've been investing so much in developing the monovalent vaccines is really
twofold. One is, while combos will be great, not every country actually wants to implement combos, and some
physicians like the flexibility or patients like the flexibility of getting one at one time. But what that also allows us to
do is really have an anchor to which we can bridge back. We've actually capitalized on this with COVID, the
immunobridging strategy. So, we've managed to expand the age indication by doing some immunobridging work.
And we've also managed to license the bivalents and now the monovalent for this fall, again really based on
immunobridging.

So it's really a similar kind of strategy where we will enroll certain number of individuals, we will ensure that we
have a safety database that the agency considers to be sufficient. And then we also will compare immune
responses to those monovalent vaccines that we now will know can be efficacious and that really is the rationale
on which that platform is based. So, what it means is we're able to be a bit more efficient in our development in
the sense that the investments we're making now in those monovalent programs actually pay dividends when we
then try to develop multiple combos, because you can imagine those efficacy trials would very rapidly expand if
we were going to do that in every [ph] instance (03:11:21).


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              43
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Darin Edwards
Executive Director, COVID Vaccines Program Leader, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                             A
In some ways, that's also why we waited for that flu/COVID combo to move forward. We needed to know [ph] we
nailed it, (03:11:28) right, because if you got there and you didn't have, the [ph] monos tilt up. (03:11:33) You
might be wasting some efforts.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
So in terms of the design of the lung cancer study, so I can't give you specifics around the design, because we're
waiting with our colleagues at Merck to unveil the specifics of the design. What I can tell you, though, it's an
adjuvant population. So what that means is, you wouldn't expect Stage 4s, you wouldn't expect Stage 1s. So
that's probably as much as I can share. And Michelle, you think we should share any more?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Michelle Brown
Vice President, Portfolio Leadership, INT Therapeutics and Oncology, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                           A
I think we can wait a couple of weeks.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
Okay. It'll be out very, very soon. Thank you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Tyler van Buren
Analyst, TD Cowen                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Q
Hey, guys. Tyler van Buren, TD Cowen. Thank you very much for the presentation. Have a couple. The first one
is, with the list price for the COVID-19 booster announced for the fall season, can you give us more precision on
what the net price might look like relative to the $64 to $100 range you guys previously announced?

And then, the second one is on CMV. Since it's fully enrolled, not too many investors pay attention to that
program. So what's your best guess when we'll get top line data? And can you describe the magnitude of the
opportunity relative to, say, RSV and why investors should be so excited about it?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Arpa Garay
Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                      A
Okay. So I'll start with the pricing question. The list price is around the $129, $130 that we publicly announced. As
we get from listing that, obviously, it depends on the customer, it depends on the segment. So we don't have an
average net price that we're going to share. Typically, from a vaccines perspective, you're giving discounts for
wholesalers, distributors, GPOs, and then actual customer contracting, right? We do have separate pricing that is
generally public, which I believe is now public for also the federal systems, CDC, VA and DOD.

Should I answer your pricing question? There was a second part.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             A
[indiscernible] (03:13:26)

[indiscernible] (03:13:27)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              44
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Arpa Garay
Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                      A
And then, I think you had a comment around the $64 to $100. That was from I believe a year ago where we were
talking about the low-ball pricing and what that might look like whereas the list pricing of that I'm talking about
[indiscernible] (03:13:41).
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
Okay. And then, for CMV, so we just finished enrollment. But the way that these trials actually read out is not
based on enrollment or length of time in study, but how the cases accrue. So CMV accrues a bit differently than
respiratory viruses. Respiratory viruses obviously have this huge peak in the winter, CMV is a little bit more
sustained year round, but I think harder to predict.

It's also a six-month vaccination schedule. So you get three doses over six months. So we believe we may have a
readout as early as at the end of next year. We are starting to capture cases. So we're 22 cases there towards the
interim analysis at 81 cases. So it could be shorter, it could be longer depending on how those cases accrue.

But why you should care about it is an easier question for me to answer. So beyond the fact that I think this is
something that once people appreciate the value in preventing birth defects, so it's not just in the overall cost. I
think immediately after birth, it's the lifelong preservation of contribution to society that really matters. There are
other things in CMV that we may be able to investigate as well. So we have a study ongoing right now in
hematopoietic stem cell transplant CMV. Viremia is an enormous problem actually in transplant patients, both
solid organ and hematopoietic stem cell.

And if we can figure out and crack the code of how to prevent viremia in those individuals, well, that not only is a
market in itself, but it also opens up the possibility to learn and really work through these other therapeutic
vaccines like EBV and like HSV. So I am super excited about CMV. I can't wait to see what those data look like
once they are approved.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Raffael Nachbagauer
Program Leader & Executive Director, Infectious Disease Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                           A
And Jackie, correct me if I'm wrong, but CMV has been the number one priority of National Academy of Medicines
for many, many years...
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
Yes, that's true...

[indiscernible] (03:15:42)
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
...everybody has their own favorite product to develop, but the Institute of Medicine actually has labeled this a
public health priority. And again, I think it's because of the number of productive life years lost and really the
impact to those children and those families.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              45
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             A
[indiscernible] (03:16:07)
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Hartaj Singh
Analyst, Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                           Q
Hartaj Singh with Oppenheimer & Company. First, just want to thank you all for a really nice presentation. I don't
think – I think very – few none of your biopharma peers actually give the breadth and the depth of presentations
you all tend to do 3, 4, 5 times a year. So I really appreciate it.

Couple of specific questions. I think that, Jackie, you had mentioned earlier that the implementation of the bivalent
is going to help you with the combos. You might have answered this already question before, but how so
specifically, with the COVID-19 bivalent, how is it going can help you with the combos in the future? And then a
follow-on to that is one of the gentlemen previously had talked about how you monitor seasonality and variance
currently. With the combos, how would that change and how would you able – to be able to shift that into your
combo vaccines? Thank you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
Yeah. That's a great question. And I'm going to answer twofold. So there's one from like a scientific proof-of-
concept and then there's also a manufacturing piece to the ultimate launch of the product.

So from a clinical perspective, I think launching the combos, it wasn't actually obvious that you could put more
than one antigen in the vaccine and actually get the immune response to both. So immune interference is
something that all vaccinologists have to think through. And our ability to do that and generate specific responses
with the bivalent not only to the Wuhan that people had been primed and boosted to for years before, but then
also to the BA.4-5. So being able to turn that immune response on when there was such an immunodominant
favoritism towards the Wuhan I think was incredibly encouraging to us.

And then, from the manufacturing piece, our ability to launch last year the vaccine within 90 days from the
recommendation of FDA, go with Omicron BA.4-5 to the bivalent, it's double a complexity of launching a
monovalent. And I think that also gives us confidence that we're going to be able to develop the procedures we
need in order to launch a COVID flu – hopefully one day a COVID flu RSV. And it actually also speaks to the
flexibility of the platform. So part of the reason why we are looking at so many different combos in Phase 1, there
may be in some situations or for some patients, one combo that's better than another. One of the benefits of the
platform is being able to pivot from making one thing to being able to make a different thing for another customer.
And that's not something that's necessarily as feasible with other technologies.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jessica Fye
Analyst, JPMorgan Securities LLC                                                                                                                                                                                                           Q
Hey, good afternoon. Jess Fye, JPMorgan. For RSV, can you just talk about what you see as the key
differentiating features of your products profile and also maybe talk about how you envision that market taking
shape in the context of shared clinical decision making?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Arpa Garay
Chief Commercial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                      A
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              46
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Sure. So in terms of differentiation, I'd say – and Jackie can add a little bit more on the clinical side. We have
shown consistent high effectiveness data across multiple subgroups, which is a differentiator versus the
competition. The second piece, as I mentioned, we are the only mRNA vaccine for RSV and we have a very well-
established tolerability and safety profile based on all of our experience with COVID in the real-world setting.

As Jackie mentioned, we also have not seen any cases of GBS or other severe neurological safety side effects.
And then last but not least, just from an implementation perspective, we will be the only company with a ready-to-
use prefilled syringe. On both GSK and Pfizer, we'll have to be reconstituted. There are multiple steps involved.
And that's where from a customer perspective, we're hearing a preference for ready-to-use in terms of time saving
and also in terms of reducing medical errors. It's across the three.

In terms of the market, with the shared clinical decision making, I think it was on – there was a little bit of
uncertainty. I think you heard from all the companies around what would that uptake look like. What we are
hearing in the early days of the launch is actually that the demand has been much stronger than anticipated. So
we're hearing this directly from retail pharmacies that the uptake is very strong. Over the next couple of weeks,
we'll get more data on what does that curve look like. But it's better than expected.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Raffael Nachbagauer
Program Leader & Executive Director, Infectious Disease Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                           A
Yeah. And in addition to pharmacies, I think, also this year, GSK is on the record saying that there's a very good
uptake and they're very happy with the uptake. So we look forward to seeing the first date that when it comes by.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
And, I guess, Arpa, the only thing I would add is looking to the future, there are really two advantages of mRNA.
One is I think we have hundreds of millions of children that have received an mRNA respiratory vaccine, which is
not necessarily true for other kinds of platforms, which is why we're already enrolling in a study of children as
young as 5 months of age to look at actually addressing an even bigger problem, frankly, in RSV disease.

The second reason is again going back to the combos. When you have multiple vaccines that are on the same
platform, that formulation becomes so much easier than if you're having to figure out ways to combine different
vaccines on different platforms. And so we're fairly confident that that's going to help us accelerate bringing the
combo vaccines to market.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             A
[indiscernible] (03:21:40)
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Edward Tenthoff
Analyst, Piper Sandler & Co.                                                                                                                                                                                                               Q
Great. Thank you. Ted Tenthoff, Piper Sandler. Just following up on some of the data that you showed with
respect to the rare disease franchise, can you paint what the picture looks like for where we go from here? I know
you were talking about [indiscernible] (03:21:56), but what could registrational trials look like in those orphan
settings? And how different would PA, MMA be versus PKU, for example, where there's already some therapies
there?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              47
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
Yeah. Thank you for that question. So there's a lot of opportunity in rare disease to go quickly with much smaller
trials. This has been shown through precedent with multiple other agents that are in that space. And so I think the
opportunity we have for MMA is that we have a biomarker that we can use to assess the impact of the drug. And I
think if we can show that that biomarker has a correlation to clinical endpoints, I think it might be reasonable to
consider that as an accelerated approval, as a surrogate for accelerated approval.

We're struggling a little bit more with PA because we haven't found a relevant biomarker that can really assess
whether or not there's a clinical impact. And so I think for PA, we're going to focus mostly on the clinical impact of
that program, which takes a little bit longer for us to read out. We see effects on the biomarker for MMA within
weeks of dosing, whereas with PA, it takes a bit longer to capture all that MDEs. So, that's our current strategy.
But for PKU, I think it will follow a similar path of MMA, where we have a relevant biomarker and there's already a
drug that has been approved based on a biomarker in an accelerated fashion, and so I think we can follow that
same path.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
[indiscernible] (03:23:26) on PA maybe a bit longer because we have to look at medical decompensation event.
It's an endpoint, as you know, Ted, we've talked about it before that the regulators have accepted [indiscernible]
(03:23:36) endpoint. Just a timing, speed issue.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
But regardless, this is where Jackie's world and my world are very, very different. We're hoping for very small
studies, 12 to maximum 50 patients in these studies for an approval. Jackie, I can't imagine a vaccine ever getting
approved on 12 patients, but...
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
MMR actually [indiscernible] (03:24:03) MMR, but yeah...
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
She gets to enroll many, many more patients than I do in our clinical trials, but somehow she still is faster than I
am.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
Yeah. I was going to say [indiscernible] (03:24:14).
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
That's a testament to all of the people in the clinical development operations group that made that happen.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              48
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Kyle Holen
Senior Vice President, Head of Development, Therapeutics and Oncology, Research and Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                               A
For sure.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
Thanks, Ted.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Mani Foroohar
Analyst, SVB Leerink                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Q
Yeah. Thanks for the very thorough presentation. Mani Foroohar, Leerink Partners.. A couple of questions on the
financial side. You talked about the relevance of US vaccine volumes to the guidance this year. How do you think
about what data you gather from jab volume in the US this 4Q and the extent to which you read that forward into
next year and future seasons? Is it fairly linear as Pfizer has suggested on their calls or do you think each season
kind of has its own character and you're going to see multiple endemic years before you start assuming what a
run rate would be? And I've got one more question.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
Yeah. So maybe I'll take that one. I think this year will be a good data point for future sort of volumes. And I would
not say that it's a linear sort of what we see this year is what's going to happen in the future. I think there are a
couple of things that could change year-over-year. It could be severity of disease. So depending on the variant
that's circulating and the hospitalizations and the rate of people getting sick could certainly change that equation.

I think the other piece that's different this year versus in future years is the ACIP recommendation, and the
approval just happened yesterday. Whereas in future years, this will become more sort of common practice as
part of universal recommendations. And then, I think the third piece is hopefully starting next year, we'll be more in
line and in sync with the flu launch timing, so that when flu vaccines are available, COVID vaccines will also be
available, right, to capture those patients that are getting in – going in early.

So I think it's a good data point, but I would believe that over time, the actual volume could increase, as there's
greater acceptance, there is greater – it's also the first commercial year for the US. So there's more experience,
more acceptance, more understanding, I think, that volume or that market could grow.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stéphane Bancel
Chief Executive Officer & Director, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                            A
And the other piece I would just add to our first comment is the combo, which is if we could launch mRNA-1083,
for example, in 2025, there's [ph] 150 million dose in normal flu (03:26:37) in the US every year. So, I believe that
a lot of consumers, if a combo product is available early in the season, will decide to go with combo to get more
protection, [indiscernible] (03:26:52) in the US in COVID than we have a flu. And so I already think that over time
– and as you say, it's not going to be linear and we have to be humble about how those next couple of years look
like. But I think the combo might be yet another thing that help us go toward the flu volume. [indiscernible]
(03:27:09) process.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Mani Foroohar
Analyst, SVB Leerink                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Q
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              49
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

And a follow-up on the expense infrastructure and the flexing that you talked about around thinking about how to
think about clinical trial results, et cetera, different franchises. Can you give us a sense of on SG&A, R&D and
COGS respectively, like how much time does it take to flex up or down based upon what we see with the COVID
business this year? Does it take a year to flex down because you've got contracts with suppliers on the R&D and
SG&A side? How nimble can you be in terms of scaling up or down? Obviously, you can't just send people home.
It takes time to resize your head count. Like how quickly could you pivot in either direction?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

James M. Mock
Chief Financial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                       A
So maybe I'll start with cost of goods sold and...
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Mani Foroohar
Analyst, SVB Leerink                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Q
That's to you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

James M. Mock
Chief Financial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                       A
...SG&A. I'll let Stephen talk about [indiscernible] (03:28:01). So we believe we can act pretty quickly in both
categories. Number one, we use a lot of outside services and partners. It's easier to shut that down. That's a
substantial portion and it's not a long-term contract.

On the cost of goods sold side, as I mentioned, it'll take a little bit of time. And I think extra volume, the
combinations, that'll help us achieve our overall 75% to 80% gross margin. But you'll see a marked step from
2023 to 2024 in terms of our cost of goods sold percent. So we might not get the entire way there, but we're
taking steps to do it. And same thing on the SG&A side.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
Yeah. I think R&D is pretty flexible. And we make investment decisions around these programs to try and drive
towards the product launches. The overwhelming majority of the budget is dedicated to clinical trials and clinical
expense, and the overwhelming majority of that is in the late stage. And as you look at the spend drivers, you can
see that that drives more towards our respiratory studies right now. That makes sense. Those are very large, as
Kyle was joking a moment ago. As they rotate down, they'll change. But those studies tend to run the year. All
right. So one way to think of that is that that's probably the gate in which we have really substantial flexibility. But
more importantly, we kind of look at those commitments to start a Phase 3 study to get a product launch as
franchise, a value creation event. Actually, it generates financing opportunities in the years ahead. So as we
make those investments and as we see those successes, we actually think it allows us to make more investments
going forward. But we have a high degree of flexibility, certainly over five years and even a year or two.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Steve Chesney
Analyst, Redburn Atlantic                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Q
Hi. Steve Chesney from Redburn Atlantic. Just two quick ones for me. Just thinking about the opportunity in the
high efficacy flu vaccine space, what are your thoughts around the need for hospitalization data as you eventually
approach payers? And then on the COVID vaccine side, it sounds like you've made a lot of progress on
contracting. Could you provide any updated thoughts on the contract dynamics in terms of how returns would be
handled? And then just on the cadence of revenue recognition into the third and fourth quarter. Thanks.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              50
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                                                            Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13-Sep-2023

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
Do you want to take first one?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President-Development, Infectious Diseases and Research & Development, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                             A
Sure, I can talk about – so, part of the whole accelerated approval pathway and the regulations is that you
conduct post-marketing efficacy studies. So we are anticipating undertaking that study and hospitalizations would
be an endpoint obviously built into that study just like they've been built into COVID-19 and RSV and the original
actually P302 study. And then I'll hand it off to [indiscernible] (03:30:42).
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stephen Hoge
President, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
Well, the only thing I'd just as we're hearing off is generally – whether it's ACIP or other recommending
authorities, when they've created the enhanced categories, there are precedents for accelerated approval
products being recommended based on immunogenicity. So while we have the obligation to fulfill that and I don't
think it's – we don't see it right now as initially limiting.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Michelle Brown
Vice President, Portfolio Leadership, INT Therapeutics and Oncology, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                           A
So maybe I'll take the first part of the question on contracts. From a contracting perspective, there is – depending
on the customer in the segment, we do have different [ph] returnability (03:31:09) clauses. I'd say this year going
into a commercial market is probably the most sort of uncertain year from a customer perspective on total
demand that we've been working closely with them on, depending on the size of the contract and the customer. In
terms of the Q3, Q4 revenue recognition, do you want to take that one?
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

James M. Mock
Chief Financial Officer, Moderna, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                       A
Yeah, sure. No change. At the last earnings call, we guided that about 30% of our revenue in the second half
would be recognized in the third quarter, which then 70% in the fourth quarter. So still sticking to that.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Unverified Participant

Hey, with that, thank you very much to the panel and for everyone who had questions. We invite all of you to
please stay through the orders and cocktail hour and mingle with management. Thank you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Unverified Participant

Thank you.
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Unverified Participant

Thank you.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              51
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                                              Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA)                                                                                                                                       Corrected Transcript
R&D Day                                                                                                                                                                         13-Sep-2023




 Disclaimer
 The information herein is based on sources we believe to be reliable but is not guaranteed by us and does not purport to be a complete or error-free statement or summary of the available data.
 As such, we do not warrant, endorse or guarantee the completeness, accuracy, integrity, or timeliness of the information. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any
 information provided hereunder, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, safety or usefulness of such information. This information is not intended to be used as the primary basis
 of investment decisions. It should not be construed as advice designed to meet the particular investment needs of any investor. This report is published solely for information purposes, and is
 not to be construed as financial or other advice or as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security i n any state where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. Any
 information expressed herein on this date is subject to change without notice. Any opinions or assertions contained in this information do not represent the opinions or beliefs of FactSet
 CallStreet, LLC. FactSet CallStreet, LLC, or one or more of its employees, including the writer of this report, may have a position in any of the securities discussed herein.

 THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO YOU HEREUNDER IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FactSet CallStreet, LLC AND ITS LICENSORS,
 BUSINESS ASSOCIATES AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME, EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED
 WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
 LAW, NEITHER FACTSET CALLSTREET, LLC NOR ITS OFFICERS, MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES, LICENSO RS OR SUPPLIERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
 INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE,
 SECURITY BREACHES, VIRUSES, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES OR COMMERCIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES IS ADVISED
 OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN OR ANY OTHER SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.

 The contents and appearance of this report are Copyrighted FactSet CallStreet, LLC 2023 CallStreet and FactSet CallStreet, LLC are trademarks and service marks of FactSet CallStreet, LLC. All
 other trademarks mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies. All rights reserved.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 52
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com                                                                                   Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC
