





Ian Karp
Senior Vice President-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Intellia Therapeutics fourth quarter and full year
2022 earnings call. Earlier this morning, Intellia issued a press release outlining the company's progress this
quarter, as well as topics for discussion on today's call. This release can be found on the Investors & Media
section of Intellia's website at intelliatx.com. This call is being broadcast live, and a replay will be archived on the
company's website.

At this time, I would like to take a minute to remind listeners that during this call, Intellia management may make
certain forward-looking statements and ask that you refer to our SEC filings available at sec.gov for discussion of
potential risks and uncertainties. All information presented on this call is current as of today, and Intellia
undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law.

Joining me from Intellia are Dr. John Leonard, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. David Lebwohl, Chief Medical Officer;
Dr. Laura Sepp-Lorenzino, Chief Scientific Officer; and Glenn Goddard, Chief Financial Officer. John will begin
with an overview of recent business highlights. David will provide an update on our clinical programs. Laura will
recap the company's R&D progress across our pipeline, and Glenn will review Intellia's financial results for the
fourth quarter and full year 2022. John will then offer some concluding remarks before we open up the call for
Q&A.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
EndOfBlock





John M. Leonard
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
Thank you, Ian, and thank you all for joining us this morning. At Intellia, we're advancing our leadership position
as the industry's most innovative genome editing company with the broadest and deepest toolbox of novel editing
and delivery solutions. 2022 proved to be another outstanding year for Intellia, with several significant clinical
milestones achieved across our pipeline. Having demonstrated human proof-of-concept for first two in vivo clinical
candidates NTLA-2001 and NTLA-2002, we're now two for two. Notably, we've dosed more than 50 patients with
our in vivo CRISPR based therapies in ongoing clinical studies with durability and safety data now out two years
in the earliest patients. These accomplishments reflect steady execution against our core strategy to harness the
immense power of CRISPR based technologies, both for in vivo and ex vivo applications.





Building on last year's strong momentum, we've already hit the ground running this year. We're pleased to share
today that we initiated the Phase 2 portion of the NTLA-2002 study outside of the US. Recently, we also
submitted an IND application to the FDA to enable US patient enrollment in this trial. We're highly encouraged by
the rapid progress we have made in just the past few months and expect to hear back from the FDA in the coming
weeks.

Looking ahead for NTLA-2001, we're poised to submit an IND application for a pivotal trial for the cardiomyopathy
manifestation of ATTR amyloidosis mid-year for the trial initiation anticipated by the end of the year, subject of
course to regulatory feedback. Importantly, we look forward to presenting new interim clinical updates from both
ongoing NTLA-2001 and NTLA-2002 first-in-human Studies this year.

Turning to our research pipeline, we are advancing new platform capabilities to the clinic. This includes our
CRISPR based in vivo targeted gene insertion technology and a first of its kind allogeneic cell engineering
solution designed to avoid both T cell and NK cell mediated rejection.

Additionally, we're leading the development of new gene editing and delivery modalities, which will drive further
pipeline growth and allow us to reach a greater number of patients with our genetic medicines. With that
introduction, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Medical Officer, David Lebwohl, who will review NTLA-2001 and
NTLA-2002's progress in greater detail and outline updates across our clinical pipeline. David?
EndOfBlock





David Lebwohl
Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
Thanks, John, and welcome, everyone. I'll begin with a review of NTLA-2001, a potential single-dose treatment
that may halt and reverse the disease for people living with ATTR amyloidosis. In November, we shared
additional positive interim results from the cardiomyopathy arm of the ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of NTLA-2001.
These data, which we presented in a late-breaking oral presentation at the American Heart Association scientific
sessions, demonstrated consistent, greater than 90% serum TTR reduction following a single-dose of NTLA-
2001. The deep reductions were sustained with patient follow-up, ranging from four to six months as of the data
cutoff date. NTLA-2001 was generally well-tolerated in all 12 patients. 2 of the 12 patients reported transient
infusion reactions, which resolved quickly and which were the only observed treatment related adverse events.
No clinically significant laboratory abnormalities were observed at either dose level.

We continue to believe this deep, durable and consistent levels of protein reduction support NTLA-2001's
potential to be a best-in-class TTR lowering agent regardless of disease manifestation. In the last few months, we
completed the planned enrollment for the dose expansion portion of the cardiomyopathy and polyneuropathy arm.
Data from these cohorts will be used to inform our dose selection decision for subsequent pivotal studies.

For ATTR-CM, we plan to submit an IND application midyear and plan to initiate a global pivotal study by year-
end subject to regulatory feedback. Additionally, we plan to present new and important interim clinical data later
this year, including longer term safety and durability data, as well as emerging clinical endpoints. For hereditary
ATTR amyloidosis with polyneuropathy, we are continuing to prepare for a Phase 3 study, including discussions
with regulatory authorities and look forward to presenting additional clinical data from the ongoing Phase 1 study.

I'll turn now to our second in vivo program, NTLA-2002. Our investigational therapy for the treatment of hereditary
angioedema for HAE. We shared additional positive results from the ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical study at the
American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology 2022 Annual Scientific Meeting this past November. The
data presented demonstrated that a single dose of NTLA-2002 led to robust reductions in plasma kallikrein and
HAE attack rates. With the 25 milligram and 75 milligram cohort, these deep reductions in plasma kallikrein were





sustained in all patients through data cutoff, which range from week 16 to week 32. Importantly, all patients dosed
in these two cohorts who completed the pre-specified 16-week observation period have maintained an attack-free
status as of the data cutoff date. Patients in the 50 milligram cohort had not yet completed the primary 16-week
observation period before the presentation cutoff date, and so we look forward to presenting attack rate data on
this cohort later this year.

At all three dose levels, NTLA-2002 was generally well-tolerated, and the majority of adverse events were mild in
severity. The most frequent adverse events were infusion-related reactions, which were mostly grade one and
resolved within one day. No dose limiting toxicities or serious adverse events or adverse events of grade 3 or
higher and no clinically significant laboratory abnormalities were observed. We believe these data speak to NTLA-
2002's potential to address the significant disease burden faced by people living with HAE by permanently
preventing the debilitating swelling attacks with a single dose. We look forward to presenting additional data from
the Phase 1 portion of the study in 2023, including longer term safety, durability and attack rate data across all
three cohorts. As John mentioned, it's been a very productive first two months of the year, especially for the
NTLA-2002 program.

In January, Intellia was awarded the Innovation Passport in the United Kingdom for NTLA-2002, which provides
entry to UK's Innovative Licensing and Access Pathway. We're pleased to receive the ILAP designation, which
aims to accelerate time to market and facilitate patient access to innovative medicines.

Today, we announce that Intellia has initiated patient screening in the Phase 2 portion of the study in New
Zealand. The Phase 2 portion, a randomized placebo controlled expansion study is evaluating two doses, 25
milligrams and 50 milligrams. We anticipate expanding country and site participation in the coming months. To
support inclusion of patients in the United States, Intellia recently submitted an IND application to the FDA, and
we look forward to providing you with an update on the status of that application's review. As NTLA-2001 and
NTLA-2002 continue to progress, we believe we are moving closer to setting a new standard of care for people
living with these serious diseases.

I'll now hand over the call to Laura, our CSO who will provide updates on our R&D efforts and platform
advancements.
EndOfBlock





Laura Sepp-Lorenzino
Executive Vice President & Chief Scientific Officer, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
Thank you, David. We're entering the next stage of growth at Intellia as we advance new platform capabilities to
the clinic, such as in vivo gene insertion, our allogeneic technology and base editing. For targeted in vivo gene
insertion, by progressing both wholly-owned and partner programs, leveraging our modular insertion platform.
This includes NTLA-3001, our wholly-owned candidate for the treatment of AATD-associated lung disease, for
which we plan to submit an IND or IND equivalent application in the second half of this year.

In parallel, we're advancing IND-enabling activities for NTLA-2003, our third in vivo knockout candidate as a
treatment for the liver manifestation of AATD. In collaboration with Regeneron, we're also making important
progress advancing our Factor IX insertion program for people with hemophilia B.

Turning to our ex vivo pipeline, we're advancing multiple programs, ours and those shared with partners, utilizing
our proprietary allogeneic platform. These platform capabilities demonstrate the already broad opportunity of our
robust research engine. But there is still more untapped potential. And so, we're further pushing the boundaries of
what therapeutic gene editing can do. We had made rapid and significant headway with the development of our
proprietary DNA writing technology. Since the acquisition of Rewrite Therapeutics, we have implemented and





expanded the platform, leveraging Intellia's genome editing toolbox and expertise, and demonstrated robust
performance and versatility. We're excited by the potential of our newest platform capability, offering us the
potential to target diseases beyond those currently being explored in our pipeline.

I'll now hand over the call to Glenn, our CFO, who will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year 2022
financial results.
EndOfBlock





Glenn Goddard
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone. Intellia continues to maintain a strong balance sheet that allows us to
execute on our pipeline and platform. Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $1.3 billion as
of December 31, 2022, compared to $1.1 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by $337.9
million from our December follow-on offering, $227.9 million of net proceeds from the company's At-the-Market
program and $17.2 million in proceeds from an employee-based stock plan. The increase was offset in part by
cash used to fund operations of approximately $372.8 million in the acquisition of Rewrite Therapeutics for $45
million. Our collaboration revenue increased by $0.7 million to $13.6 million during the fourth quarter of 2022,
compared to $12.9 million during the fourth quarter of 2021.

Our R&D expenses increased by $28.9 million to $100 million during the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to
$71.2 million during the fourth quarter of 2021. This increase was mainly driven by the advancement of our lead
programs and personnel growth to support these programs. Our G&A expenses increased by $1.5 million to
$23.6 million during the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $22.1 million during the fourth quarter of 2021. This
increase was primarily related to employee-related expenses. Finally, we expect our cash balance to fund our
operating plans beyond the next 24 months. With that, I will now turn the call back over to John for closing
remarks.
EndOfBlock





John M. Leonard
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
Thank you, Glenn. As you can see, we're making steady progress towards executing against our strategic
priorities, which are focused on late stage development of our CRISPR-based therapies while continuing to
innovate and bring forth new platform capabilities. This year, we look forward to advancing the Phase 2 portion of
the NTLA-2002 Study and expect to add US clinical sites. We're also focused on preparing for the initiation of a
global pivotal trial NTLA-2001 for patients with a cardiomyopathy manifestation of ATTR amyloidosis. For both
programs, we plan to provide further updates in the coming months. As we continue to deliver on the promise of
gene editing, we maintain our broader vision for Intellia by rapidly expanding the reach of our platform to
accelerate the impact on patients.

With that, we'd be happy to answer any questions. Operator, you may now open the call for Q&A.







EndOfBlock