Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you so much for taking the questions. Tim, maybe if we start with you, if we go
back to the December quarter and the production shutdowns around that time, I think the question a lot of us were
asking was how should we think about the deferral of demand versus destruction of demand. March quarter was
quite strong, 2% year-over-year iPhone growth. And so, as we sit here in May, how have you seen that customers
that weren't able to purchase during the December quarter behave, meaning are you seeing that they deferred
purchases to March and June? Could they be deferring purchases to later in hopes of buying a new iPhone? Just
how should maybe we think about the cadence of that? And then, I have a follow-up. Thanks.Okay, perfect. Thank you for that color. And Tim, maybe to follow up, it's been three or four quarters now that
you've mentioned emerging markets like India and others. And I imagine having just opened two new stores in the
country, it's clearly an important market for you. So, maybe can you just talk about why you see India as such an
important market and others, how you think about monetization trends in the country, and specifically, what you
have to do within the country to really ensure that India becomes maybe a more material mix of your business?
And that's it for me. Thanks so much.Thank you so much.Hey. Good afternoon. Thank you very much for the question. It was encouraging to hear about the record
installed base across iPhone and across all devices. It's been, I think, double-digit growth over the last few years
across the active devices. I was just wondering, is that a good way to think about the installed base growth going
forward? And then, for the iPhone installed base specifically, I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit of
texture around how you think about the growth there whether regionally or by first smartphones versus switchers.
And then, I have a quick follow-up.Great. Excellent. And then, it was also encouraging to see the number of devices per iPhone user continuing to
grow. I was just wondering if you could talk about the opportunity to continue to increase that number of Apple
devices per iPhone user, and if you have any color around how the monetization per user may differ from those,
for lack of a better word, super-users versus those that may not be as deep into the ecosystem. Thanks.Excellent. Thank you, Tim.Yes. Thank you. Tim, you had called out on December quarter earnings that Pro models were significantly
constrained. Did you see a catch-up on the Pro models specifically in the March quarter and was the mix better
than typical? And do you see that mix renormalizing here in the June quarter and maybe you can comment on the
channel inventory levels as well for iPhones? And I have a follow-up.Okay. Thanks, Tim. And Tim, as a follow-up, you've launched so many services around Apple Pay. Most recently,
you mentioned buy now, pay later, a high-yield savings account. Where do you see the expansion in the
payments ecosystem over time? And do you look at the payments ecosystem as a standalone revenue
opportunity or is it more about making the devices even more inseparable from us? Thank you.Thanks, Tim.Great. Thanks for taking my question. Tim, I just wanted to go back to maybe kind of dig into the restocking of
inventory in the channel versus what we're hearing from a demand perspective that appears to be a little bit softer
in the March quarter from some of your larger carriers that exhibited relatively weak upgrade rates. So, just want
to kind of get a sense for where you're seeing demand signals today vis-à-vis how you were thinking about it
maybe a month ago or even three months ago. And is there sort of an acceleration in demand or any sort of
signals that you might want to share with us at this point? And then, I have a follow-up.Great. That's helpful. And then, just quickly on services, are you seeing anything in terms of consumers' behavior
other than sort of the macro that you mentioned and tough comps on digital advertising and mobile gaming? Are
you seeing users of all the disparate services change in what they're using and how they're using it and time
spent with an Apple service, now that we're technically hopefully fully past COVID with China almost fully
reopened? I'm just trying to get a sense for how user or consumer behaviors changed over the last three to six
months. Thanks.Great. Thanks, guys.Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess maybe I can follow up on David's question here on services.
And in the past, pre-pandemic, the growth rate there was more about sort of mid-teens. The growth rates today
where you stand, even if I back out FX impact, is more about low double-digits. So, one of the questions that we
get often from investors and want to get your thoughts on is, even as the installed base growth seems to have





accelerated, are these more cyclical drivers that are depressing growth at this point from returning to that level or
do you see more of a roll-out on the monetization that you need to do to get back to those growth levels? And I
have a follow-up, please.Okay. And maybe if I can just follow up, this is more of a macro question. I don't know if, Luca, you or Tim want to
take this. But obviously, the macro is not sort of helpful at this point. But what you're sort of implying in terms of
your guide is momentum for your products remains pretty stable. You're actually guiding to a modest uptick ex FX
for the overall business. I mean, what are you seeing in terms of customer sort of spending trends, and overall,
does the consumer sort of continue to deteriorate in terms of spending patterns? And is your sort of momentum
here just a function of share gains? How should we think about sort of where the consumer is versus what your
products are doing independent of that?Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.I have two as well. I guess first off on gross margins for the June quarter, they seem to be holding up fairly well,
especially given the fact that sales are going down on a sequential basis. So, Luca, I'm wondering if you can just
touch on what's driving the strength in gross margin sequentially that's offsetting the lack of leverage, if you may.
And then, I also notice that the range of your gross margin guide is 50 basis points. It's typically 100 basis points.
What does that entail? What does that mean?





Luca Maestri
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President, Apple, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                               A
So, you're right. I mean, we are guiding to a fairly stable level of gross margins at a very high level. We're very
happy with the gross margins that we're having this cycle. For the first time in several quarters, we expect foreign
exchange to be flat on a sequential basis at the gross margin level. Unfortunately, still a headwind at the revenue
level. But at gross margin level, sequentially, we expect foreign exchange not to be a factor. And so, the seasonal
loss of leverage that you're referring to, we expect to be offset by cost savings. And so, that should give us that
level of margins. As you know – you were asking about 50 basis points. We have guided to 50 basis points of a
range before as well. This year in particular, because of the 14th week in the – during the December quarter,
we're a bit late in the calendar year, right. And so, we have a bit more visibility around margins for the June
quarter.Got it. That's helpful. And then, I guess, Tim, if I just kind of go back to the India discussion a bit, perhaps you
could just contrast what you're seeing in India today versus what you saw in China maybe a decade or so ago. Is
that a reasonable ramp to think India would have or could it be different from the lessons you've seen in China?Thank you.Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first question I had is for Tim. Tim, you have primarily been a
consumer-centric company. But it seems like the line is blurring with the iPhone, iPad, hardware products being
used for corporate applications. So, is there a way to segment how much of your revenues today are coming from
enterprise versus consumer? And does the slower corporate IT spend impact your outlook for iPhone, iPad, Mac,
et cetera? And then, I had a follow-up.Got it, Tim. Thanks for that. And then, just as a follow-up, obviously, lot of questions on the India retail opening.
I'm just kind of curious, you also mentioned that you hope to convert a lot of folks into iPhone there. Where do you
think the biggest opportunity is? Is it like primarily a hardware business like the iPhone, iPad, Wearables, et
cetera? Or do you think there is a service opportunity in India longer term too? Thank you very much.Thanks a lot, Tim.Yeah. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess my first question is, I want to go back to kind of the geographical
dynamics. I'm curious, as we all think about the reopening attributes of China, just how you would characterize the
shaping of demand you saw through the course of this last quarter and kind of how you're thinking about the
impact of that reopening playing out over the next couple quarters?Yeah. Very helpful, Tim. As a quick follow-up, I want to go back to Amit's question on gross margin. You talked
about FX, the lessening impact there. I'm just curious of when you look at our gross margin, obviously, you got
mix attributes kind of potentially continuing to drive that higher. But I'm curious on the current environment how
you would characterize the component pricing dynamics and what you're thinking about in this current quarter's
guidance.Thank you.Great. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping we can talk about the linearity of the March quarter and
perhaps the first 4.5 weeks of the current quarter. It looks like things are slowing down quite a bit elsewhere. But if
my math is right, your fiscal third quarter guidance implies product revenue will be a little bit lower than seasonal
average on a sequential basis. Any color would be helpful. Thanks.Okay. That's helpful. Maybe as a quick follow-up, you talked about Apple Pay Later. How has the feedback been
so far and how do you expect the adoption of that service over the next few quarters? Thank you.Okay. Thank you.Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Tim, you're one of the largest chip companies. You're not a
component maker. You actually use your own products. But we almost never hear in any context of you guys
being a beneficiary – Apple being a beneficiary for either the CHIPS Act money or the R&D tax credit that's being
proposed. I was just curious if you're eligible for any of those. And then, I've got a follow-up.Understood, and thanks for the clarification. And Luca, I wanted to clarify your comments about June. When
you're saying June performance will be similar to March, I assume on a year-on-year basis, which would be June
should be down about 2-something-odd-percent. Is that a fair way? And then, my question that I wanted to ask –
maybe another one for Tim was where do you think is the largest opportunity in your services offering? I mean,
you're doing a great job. You just set a record, but surely there must be areas where you think you can do better.Understood. Thanks, Tim.